Q: Hey folks!Hope everyone is well.We’ve been noticing a lot of people raising service issues in the community without going through support channels first.Let’s follow a process to ease things out:If you face any issue/challenges in the app - reach out to our customer support first. We have a strong and dependable team who is ready to help you out.Here’s how you can connect with our support team:Via App chat - Open the Jupiter app > Home page, click on the ? icon > Choose your query and start chat with an agent.Email support - support@jupiter.moneyCall support - +91 8655055086We won’t be able to fully address issues on the community channel unless one has formally gone through support channels. Hence, the resolution for your issue will be given to you via support channels itself. Not the community.This community is a place to learn, interact, and get constructive feedback. More importantly, co-create the product together!From,The Community Team
A: 

Q: I once paid bill for a postpaid number, but i keep on getting notification on it. How to remove reminder for those numbers?
A: 

Q: I like to get a custom metal debit card.How can i proceed?
A: The feature is currently undergoing testing, and we hope to see it go live soon.
when actually!

Q: Hi, as we know Jupiter has two accounts in the app with Federal Bank.I don’t have any ongoing pot but somehow I transferred money to my second account using account details.Now how can I transfer that money to my main savings account?
A: Hai@Ray_SarGo to POTS section and click on it.Use the withdraw money/ delete Pots option
You can use UPI
Hello Ray, we have reached out to you via DM. Kindly take a moment to review and share your registered details with us. Thank you.

Q: Superpot is removed
A: Yes. I believe it has gotten repaced by traditional recurring deposits

Q: I received this email and a SMS from Federal Bank regarding periodic KYC update, but the link provided in the email isn’t working. Has anyone else faced this issue? What should I do next?IMG_20250314_1534211080×1626 238 KB
A: Hi Saurabh, We understand that you have a query regarding an email from Federal about activating your Pots account, as the link provided was not working. We sincerely regret the experience. We see that you have successfully completed the Rekyc process.However, we have highlighted the case with the relevant team for further clarity, and we will ensure to get back to you soon with an update via email (4059405).Thank you for your patience.

Q: Hey guys i am new to this communityI am having issues with my pot withdrawls.I have tried multiple times withdrawing money from it but it’s showing withdrawal failed.My jupiter account is active and so is my pots account.Pleass help me to resolve this issue as i urgently need the money.
A: Hello Sanat, we understand that you’re experiencing issues while attempting to withdraw from your POTs account. We sincerely regret the inconvenience caused. We will reach out to you via DM to assist you further.
Even I faced the issue, ultimately was asked to furnish new KYC docs physically in the nearest Federal Bank branch and time taken for this process was 3 to 4 working days

Q: Hi AllI was paying my RTO tax online with my credit card on Vahan page. Money got deducted from my card but later on Vahan page got error out.I waited for 24 hours, now it is showing that transaction failed in Vahan app.So somebody can please help me if my money get refunded automatically or I have to follow somewhere. Please suggest
A: Hello Sandeep! We understand your concern regarding the failed transaction. Typically, refunds for unsuccessful payments are processed automatically within a few working days. However, to ensure a smooth resolution, we will connect with you via DM for further assistance. Thank you for your patience.

Q: Hi,While onboarding, it doesn’t allow me to open savings account. The mobile number which I’m using for registering on Jupiter is already linked to my Aadhaar but still it gives error “Mobile number not linked to Aadhaar”.IMG_76881179×2556 147 KB
A: Hello Sushmita, we understand your concern and sincerely apologize for the inconvenience caused. Please be assured that we are here to assist you. We will connect with you via direct message shortly.Thank you
I’m facing the same issue, hope someone from the jupiter team helps me.
Hello Rudranil! We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. Please rest assured that our team is here to assist you and address your concerns as quickly as possible. One of our representatives will be reaching out to you via direct message shortly to provide further support and resolve the issue.Thank you for your patience and understanding.

Q: I’m currently facing an issue with my Visa debit card. Whenever I try to make a transaction, it doesn’t proceed to OTP page and redirect to payment and transaction got failed, and I’m not sure what the problem is. I’ve double-checked the card details, and everything seems fine.Has anyone faced a similar issue?
A: Tried loading slice wallet and was able to receive the OTP. Guess this needs a ticket to be raised for further investigation
Did this happen on Amazon? I have faced the same issue too!
I also tried loading the Amazon wallet, and it’s not working. Flipkart transactions failed too
Hi Saurabh, We understand that you encountered issues while making the debit card transactions, and we apologize for the inconvenience caused. Please note that the case has been escalated to the team, and we are working on it. Once we have an update, we will ensure to get back to you. Thank you.
@saurabh.si competed a test transaction to add money to the Amazon wallet using my debit card. The transaction went through. Guess, this needs to be investigated and you should raise a ticket.
I’ve already raised a ticket about this, but haven’t heard back yet. Hoping to get it sorted soon!
It’s been more than 20 days since I reported this issue, and I still haven’t received a resolution. no one seems to be taking this seriously, there’s no update. Can someone from Jupiter’s support team actually look into this and provide a real solution instead of just saying it’s being escalated? This is really frustrating.
@Nikhil_GodboleThis issue has been ongoing for weeks, yet there has been no proper resolution—just vague, templated responses. your support team has been completely ineffective. How much longer will this take? If your team cannot resolve a simple debit card issue, what’s the point of customer support? Stop wasting time and provide a concrete solution immediately. This level of service is unacceptable.
@saurabh.sApologies for the delay in responding. Will get back with an update by tomorrow. Some details awaited from the Partner bank’s end.

Q: Hi,My loan repayment due date is today 5-Feb.From morning it’s showing payment in progressBut money still not deducted from my account even though I have sufficient balance.May I know how much time it will take ??Also I got a case assignment to collection agent message. Will this be a problem ??HIMy due date was yesterday … but the repayment has not gone through and I got the following msgPlease resolve the issue ASAPIMG_78851170×2532 160 KBIMG_78841170×2532 162 KB
A: Hello Jagadishwar,We have identified an eNACH related issue that was caused by a technical problem on our end. We are currently working to resolve this issue as quickly as possible. Once the issue is resolved, we will notify you via App-Push notification and WhatsApp. Please be assured that no penalty charges will be applied to your loan account due to this issue. You can safely ignore any Overdue EMI messages you may receive in the meantime.Thank you for your patience and understanding.
Plus one,Even i am too facing the same issue.
Same Thing is Happening with me as well…What to do?
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: How to reset my mpin when I dont have debit card details? When I try with facial recognition via Aadhar, even after providing correct details the mpin is not resetting.
A: Hello Hareesh! Thank you for reaching out and sharing your concern. We regret any inconvenience caused and we’ll connect with you via Dm to assist you further. Thank you for your understanding.

Q: hi friends,please tellHow to redeem Jupiter CC points without a new jupiter bank account ?
A: I believe there is an option to use the points while making a bill payment or an option to redeem them for vouchers. It is recommended you reach out to the in app chat support to get more detailed information

Q: I am frustrated now with Jupiter as I wanted to change my mobile number as I lost my registered number and dont have access to it anymore, however i have some money which is stuck in that account and there is no freakin way to change number even through physical verification, really disappointed.As a last hope i came to here to seek help however i dont think anything is going to happen, feels really sad to loose hard earned money like this.
A: @Sushiii777I don’t think you can access your account again as there is no way to change mobile number in Jupiter as of now.But your may be able to get your money back.Did you raise a complaint at support@jupiter.money?Tagging@Nikhil_Godbolefor clarification.
Yes I have tried to ask them to change my mobile number so that i can take out the money atleast, but if its possible without changing the number it will be really helpful.Could you please tell me the process?
Please wait for@Nikhil_Godboleto guide further.I am also not sure how it works. But I am guessing that there will be a process for this.As Jupiter is mostly automated especially to keep costs down, I suppose these issues crop up.I am sure that Jupiter will make a note of it and improve.
Let’s hope for good, If i got my money back It’ll be really helpful
@Sushiii777Welcome to the communityHave you tried obtaining a duplicate SIM card from your network provider’s office? I believe that would be a simpler process compared to changing your mobile number on the app.
@Sushiii777If you have lost the old number, we will not be able to update the new number. Do you have access to the debit card or Cheque book ?
Yes i tried to do that too, but the number is already alloted to someone else.
Yes i have the debit card with me but it is not working i tried many times
@Sushiii777Are you trying to withdraw money from the ATM ? Please help with the last 2 digits of the Debit Card
Yes i tried to withdraw it from atm and the last two digits are 77
@Sushiii777That is deactivated card. The new one which is issued is only a virtual card which you can access it via App. unfortunately, since you do not have access to the old number, App access is also not possible. Let me get someone to call you and assist in this scenario.
I was busy at that time so I was not able to answer the call so I request you sir to kindly arrange a callback for now if possible.
Yes talked to customer care and they have raised a request for chequebook, so it will be helpful to withdraw money
I also think that online banking is bit convenient but offline banking is more reliable
I think each of them have their own benefits and disadvantages…and hence both of them need to coexist…
Have you added Jupiter account in any other UPI app like Phonepe? If yes, you should be able to use it and transfer
I think registered mobile number is needed to make UPI transactions.@hemanthchandra62
To add an account to the app, mobile number is required. If the account is already there in the app, it might work. Can try once.
Hello, i have the same issue,But i have no debit card, nor cheque leaf, but i do have account number.@Nikhil_GodboleSir, is there any chances of reversing the money.

Q: Does jupiter have a referral code program? I am looking for a referral code on the app to share with my friends but I could not locate it on the app. Please guide me. Thank you
A: Hello Bhavin,We would like to inform you that, at present, we do not offer referral programs for savings accounts. However, we do provide this feature for our Rupay card. You will be able to find the same in the “Refer” section within the Jupiter app. Please find the steps below:Jupiter App → Home Page → Scroll down to Refer & Earn section → Invite via whatsapp → share the link with the referee to download app using the same.We hope this clarifies your query.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: HiI have been using this card for a month now, first it used to work great on UPI & other Platforms, but as soon i got the physical card, the card has not been working anywhereI had chat with the agent they said try a transaction for a smaller amount, it worked one time now for even ₹100 it does not work… look into this matter
A: 

Q: Its 3rd of March and my NRV is already above 10000. Still I am unable to upgrade my account to Pro.
A: Hi@Deveshu_Pathak.Thanksfor highlighting this.We faced some issues with PRO upgrades this month. Our team is actively looking into the problem. Your account will be upgraded by today EOD, once the issue is resolved.We ackowledge the issue and apologize for the inconvenience you faced.
@Ritik_Roynot EOD ,Next day also came but not upgraded to pro
It’s resolved for me. I am now a Pro.
Hi@kirankiran10333let me check this with the team and get back.
My account is not upgraded to PRO even on 3rd of Oct. I have maintained 10000+ NRV
Hello Prashant,We hear your concern. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you further.Thank you.
The new criteria for becoming a pro is to maintain 10000rs in pots/savings accounts or 40000rs in FD or 20000rs in Superpots. Please correct me if I am wrong.
Welcome to the community@Prashant_UmredkarPlease ensure that you have met the updated criteria for upgrading to PROimage799×588 49.7 KB
@Bhoomika_GowdaI would like to Point out that I too am not PRO, where I should’ve been upgraded this month as per the criteria.
Hello Deveshu,We hear your concern. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you further.Thank you.

Q: Hey there.I’ve been using Jupiter for a while now. I recently got a notification to redo my VKYC but when I try to start it, it just gives me an error and makes the app buggy.I reached out to Jupiter support yesterday and they asked me to wait a day and try again. But it’s still the same today.Any idea or fix for this as it says I need to complete the process within the next 3 days?
A: Same thing happening with me have you found any solution?
Hello Juned,We regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you better. Thank you.
Hello Ashish,We hear your concern. We’re reaching out to you through DM to provide more assistance. Thank you for your understanding.
Looks like the issue is fixed now. I was able to submit my VKYC successfully a few minutes ago.

Q: I have around 3.8k in digital gold investment in jupiter, i have been trying to sell the entire thing but i am unable to, it says transaction temporarily unavailable.I really need that cash urgently, what is the issue? Can someone help me???
A: 

Q: So I had 1 pot with 5000 and decided to break it, after it was destroyed, no money was credited in my account, I got email that pot was deleted with a transaction id in it , pot is also not visible now in pots section so basically my 5000 are just gone ,Please help me I am in urgent need of that money, i tried raising a support request but they said it would take 5+ days which is unacceptable , how can money disappear from my account like that? Reference ticket I’d 2560122
A: @Shawnpinto
Hello@codelockI believe it won’t require more than 5 days to resolve. The customer service representatives are likely stating this as part of the standard procedure.Your funds may be credited either today or tomorrow. I suggest periodically refreshing your account balance for updates.Tagging@Samarth_Tiwari, who is in the charge of POTS
I understand, I have the same issue. It will be better if there’s an UI that will show that the money transfer is in progress and show a list of pots that we previously broke. Reason many think its susif they are not able to see their pot and don’t know what to do.Well it’s assuring the response in Jupiter community is quick. Thanks I sure was going to raise one ticket but not anymore after reading your answer.
It is possible to view the transactions in the pot account. If you open the search bar and type Transactions it will show all your previous transactions, the one from pot should also be there its transaction name will start with “IFN/…” .Hope it helps.
I think there’s a bug. When I see the recent transaction, I can’t find any transaction starting with “IFN”. But when I try to contact support it shows all the transaction, including the one which has “IFN” as you told.Only thing is there’s no “Reference #”(mentioned as NA) assigned to the transaction and the status is “INITIATED” thats all.
Just to be sure I was referencing to the transactions in the search results not the normal one.More details on this post:(Ongoing) Lab test #12 - Search bar on Home PageJupiter labs@ShwetaI have an interesting observation regarding the search results. 
In the search bar when I search for transactions keyword it shows me a table of transactions, however it is having transaction records of both(main and pots) accounts.[IMG_1466][IMG_1467]There will be confusion in transactions as the account no is not mentioned. 
I think its a bug, but a very insightful bug which shows the inner mechanics of pots and super pots 
I can even see the interest amounts paid for my super p…OrAn example here :image1125×620 43 KBIf you cannot see there as well then I think the customer support will be able to help you.
Thanks@Abhishek_Ulayil, I didn’t know there was another way to check these transactions. It’s tricky. Hope there will be clearer way to access these pot transacs later in the latest updates.
I am having the same issue and it has been 5 days , the customer service ppl keep on saying soon soon asap
@Akshaj_Joshyhave you been provided a ticket# for the issue?
Yes I have it’s been 2weeks still haven’t received a solution
I am sure you are receiving regular updates from the team. Can also share the ticket number here?
2802241, I contact them every 2days, they say 2 more days.
@Nikhil_Godbolerequest you to have someone from the team look into this.
Hopefully I get the amount back
@yagnesh01sir i am facing same issue and reply from team my ticket no is 3629829 will you plz look into the matter !
Hello Rohan,We hear your concern. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you further. Thank you.

Q: Hey Guys,So I might need a help here. Iam waiting for my first international money transfer to get recieved in my jupiter account but the problem is that the remittor may have typed the name of my account wrong and all the rest details was correct butAdd imageshe have initiated the transaction on last monday (09-09-24) and I have still not received the money yet. The remittor is from Pakistan and his bank is called HBL. What should I do?
A: 

Q: Hi,I want to apply for South Korea Visa. They need Physical Bank Account statement which is attested by a bank officer.So is there any way to get the Jupiter Bank Account Statement attested at Federal Bank branch.Any help will be appreciated.
A: You can visit a nearby Federal bank branch.
@Uday_SinghYes. You need to visit the nearest Federal Bank branch and request for the same. This is a chargeable service by the Bank.List of Bank Branches can be searched on this linkFederal Bank ATM & Branch Locator | Personal Banking Services in India
Hello Uday,We understand that you are requesting for an Attested Bank account statement. You will be able to avail the same by visiting the branch. We shall connect with you via DM to assist you further with this request. Thank you.

Q: Hi Team,I just want to share my experience with digi gold ,started one SIP on 17th july and due to some technical issues it’s now showing my exact Sip’s and same has been reported14 days ago and they said it will be fixed then said…This cannot be fixed on digigold application but you will receive statement within 24 hr and 10 days passed no account statement recieves nor received any resolution.I have tried calling from week no one picking up call and raised issue over email. No reply came from Digi gold team.RegardsAjay Malik
A: Hi Ajay,We understand your concern and sincerely apologize for the inconvenience. We’ll be reaching out to you via direct message to discuss this further.Thank you.

Q: Hello team, yesterday my registered SIM card got thrased, now I am not able to update my phone number and get into the app.Kindly help me to access my jupiter app. It’s really really important to me.
A: Please send an email to support@jupiter.money and describe the issue in detail. They will be able to guide you on the next steps.

Q: Hi please send me account statement, I lost my phone, need to verify some transactions.
A: Hello Jupiter, when can I receive the stament for 30 days?
You can take duplicate sim from your service provider, and your statement sent to your email id every month… Check your email.
Hello Amit.We understand your concern. We will reach out to you via DM to assist you further.Thank you.
Moreover I am only laptop enabled now, can not use app, or is it available for windows?

Q: I am a freelancer and I need to receive payments from my clients after the project. It’s been more than 3 days and I am facing the issue of not receiving money. I have tried from several accounts to send the money to my Jupiter account. It always comes up with the pop up that bank account is not active. I am fed up with it now. In starting I thought it’s bank server glitch but it’s been more than 3 days now and I am really stuck. Please help me with this issue!
A: 

Q: Iam trying to make transactions using my Jupiter debit card,but it is getting failed again and again. I checked that all the transactions settings are enabled. When i contacted customer support in app, they are saying that the transaction is of restricted category,and not allowing to make payment. But actually that transaction was regarding bill payment. I pay my bills in mobikwik app using Jupiter debit (every month). Earlier every month i used to make transactions,but now iam not able to make.Please try to fix this debit card error as soon as possible.
A: @Shawnpinto
It may be some temporary technical issue. I suggest to disable all transactions category (like offline, online, pos) and enable once again. Also, please double check if there is sufficient balance in your Jupiter main account.Also, suggest you to create a support ticket by mailing to support@jupiter.moneyTagging@Nikhil_Godbole
@Vaibhav_Jainthis is my assumption but there definitely seems to be an issue in using Jupiter on MobiKwik. The card does face issues and adding the account just does not work.

Q: Hello team,I have been victim of online job scam and I transferred money to the victims account…already reported in cybercrime but please help immediately with the process from bank side…
A: Mode of transaction?Platform of transactions (paytm, phonePe…)?Your bank name?Reciever Bank name?How many days passed & Amount?Explain story in short…Do u have registed FIR? (Most Important)
Mode of transaction: bank transferPlatform: Jupiter account and iciciBank name: Jupiter and iciciReceiver bank: icici and yes BankHow many days passed and amount: less than 24hrs, total 6LI got a message on telegram for online part time job. They asked to complete basic click and submit tasks which I did…they gave profit for 2 days… yesterday while doing tasks they have regularly made by balance negative and asked to clear it… so total 6L transferred and lost… now they are asking 10L to get back all the amount.I have filed a cyber complaint with acknowledgement I’d 22404230002585
Seriouslyare you id*ot ? What can i see you are more educated, then why are you trapped in this type fake job scam ?For job you don’t need any money to give them in specially when it was a online job .For some job they’re taken from you some lower amount security deposit, for laptop or other things they only gives you. No such other thingsAs per my knowledge, u don’t receive the money back, bcz they are too much inteligent than police, and our police are so lezy to work.But i hope you for positive
I understand…don’t know why my brain didn’t workWhat steps I can take
Man, raise a dispute through Jupiter. Do it at the earliest. DM me I will help you out.
In this situation don’t loose hope that you can’t recover. You will recover your money but must need go right way. Sometimes this is time consuming but you can get you money back. Just don’t loose hope.Collect all possible proofs of chat transfer and group still keep contacted with them, don’t show them that you know that you trapped.Try to contact Cyber Crime Helpline is 1930 (they will not answer but keep tryingBank transfer - Means UPI / RTGS / IMPS???1 - File FIR (most most Important ,otherwise u can’t recover)2- CONTACT your bank tell about this (they will ask copy of FIR give them if you have otherwise tell them you will provide it within some hours) - also keep proof of that you informed to bank.Also vist branch and submit written request (click photo of form).3- go to Receiver’s Bank Branch & meet to Manager give them FIR Copy and ask to freeze reciever account. (For better help also sunbmit request written on paper)If mangers will not help you then ask to give reply in written. (Please don’t force them, just request them)4- if still not helped by manger then send mail to recievers banks nodal officer with PROOF & FIR Copy.If bank didn’t ready to freeze then, you can further contact with RBI - BECAUSE YOU AFTER CONTACTED WITH BANKS THEY HAVE ALSO NEED TO TAKE RESPONSIBILITY OF THIS SITUATION.
At that moment, brain won’t work like that​:disappointed:. Feeling so bad for that guy.
Its all about situation. I know because i also suffered from in 2020 (but it just 1k) and that i was not aware about how to recover money from online froud.
Hey, Its everything about situation and normal human psychology, its not about how much you educated.Recovery of money is possible, you should not reply in this way. (Negatively)
is chargeback possible in this case ?? i have never suffered with such things feeling sad for op 6lakh is too much to loose in scam .
Went to local police station, they said since you have filed cybercrime already no need of FIR
@SHEIKH_AZHARUDDINYes, they are right. If you already filed complaint on cybercrime website.Download copy ask to freez receivers bank account by contacting with bank. Bank nodal officer. Via mail and call.Is it UPI OR IMPS check your bank statement?
Imps
Do you know that person account details like account number? If yes go to that bank and explain the whole scenario and ask him to freeze the account.
It’s just about greed, I still don’t understand how someone trust anybody in this virtual world. Tbh, I’m never gonna give a single penny to anyone like this.
Did you tried to contact with Receiver’s Bank?
Sent a mail to the receiver bank …
Also try to contact with customer care via call. As much as possible reciever bank should take action.I am forcing for this Because, you transferred 6 Lakhs and still 24 hrs not completed.Banks have holiday today.So UPI have 1 lakh limit/dayIf if they tried to cash withdraw via any waythen police can easily spot location.If they tried IMPS/ RTGS then still Banks can track you money.IF RECEIVER’S BANK WILL TAKE YOUR COMPLAINT SERIOUSLY THEN, THERE WILL BE HIGH CHANCE FOR GET MONEY BACK…
POST Recievers BANK IFSC CODE - WE locat branch.

Q: It has been about a month my account was frozen on all debit transactions. I’ve written a mail several times to fraud operations unit as asked to me in the app but no response, I’ve tried calling numerous times but nobody answers. I’ve written to support team and they always ask me to mail and call fraud operations unit only.It’s been about a month all my money is blocked and transactions are at hold and customer service has been very poor.Kindly look into this at the earliest
A: @LogeshkumarI am sure this has been frustrating period and experience for you. The community is not equipped with the information or the insight to guide on this. While you have already mentioned that you have been following up with the customer support team, the only way to get the issue resolved is communicate with them and fraud investigation team and ensure you do not hold back any information that can help them resolve this issue for you.
How many days it will take to resolve my problem?
@Logeshkumarin the threads that we have read so far, the resolution of the issue does take time. Like I said, we do not have the insight on the exact details
Is there any immediate solution for resolve my problem because I have some money issue
You received a mail from Jupiter risk management team, they are asking some details and documents for confirmation.If you give them proper reply ( actual truth) they’ll surely reactivate your account post verification. Then you need to wait 24 hours to debit your all money. Please go for the mail with proper information.NB . Please, don’t use any trick/ bug advantage , if you used the advantage every app block your account, not only case with Jupiter. Don’t abuse their T & C . ( Someday I noticed some people upgrade their account by fake salary transaction, that’s reason why Jupiter block their account , further it’s proved Faule )Their another possibility some people use too much money recieved from merchant app, they use Jupiter as a current account or your account recieved some unauthorised crypto payment .
No , I not do any crypto
I not receive any mail from Jupiter how can I reply ?
I not receive any mail from risk management .In case I received how can I identify that mail ?
Search your mailbox, maybe it’s in your promotional or spam box .
No bank can frozen yours account without informing you, excludes police case.
No, I’m sure I’m not receive any mail
I think the email might be fraud@jupiter.money or support@jupiter.money .Not sure if you receive mail from other mail id@Shawnpintocan confirm the mail ID.Have you sent an email to support@jupiter.money ? About this incident?
How much money involves here?? in the blocked account
25000/-
Yeah I have already searched I not receive any emails
Pls contact support@jupiter.money immediately if not done before.Check if you have received an email from federal Bank too
25k is a big amountNo point waiting anymoreVisit nearby federal bank branch with necessary documents for enquiry
@Nikhil_GodboleCan you confirm the email address ? Risk management team
fraudoperations@jupiter.moneycybercare@jupiter.moneyThese are the two email id of the dedicated team that deals with account freeze issue.

Q: Few days back I tried to create a Jupiter account. I completed KYC and after the take a selfie step, the app started giving a message ‘Umm. We cannot open a jupiter account for you. There’s an issue with your identity verification. You can close the app.’Today I reinstalled the app and I’m getting the same error message. Please resolve this issue and fix the identity verification process.
A: You could contact support@jupiter.money for further help. They can help you with it
Same problem i am facing more than 1.5 year i have communicated with the support team but problem didn’t solve “issue with identity verification” please resolve it asap.
Same issue what to do

Q: Hello, this is Zoya Hayat. I am trying to open a savings account in Jupiter app. But at the step, where I had to shoot a video of my face and speak the numbers as come up on the screen, I am doing that everytime right, in a well lit room, keeping the face in the frame, speaking the numbers as exact shown on the screen loud and clear but jupiter gives out the notification as “there is an issue with your identity verification”, and now I am stuck there. Please look into it, why its happening. Where should I send my jupiter linked email id and mobile number to you for finding out the details?@Nikhil_Godbole
A: @Zoya1Please do the onboarding in a quite and well lit room. If there are any background sounds, it will not go through. Also, the background should be plain as far as possible.
Thanks for your reply. I did take care about all the things you asked for in here while doing the same, a few times, but didn’t work, lastly I am stuck with the error. Please look into it.
Same issue for me too
Same issue

Q: I am unable to verify my PAN Card to open a jupiter account, plz help
A: 

Q: I have being trying to make a jupiter account for a while but its always showing opps all seats are taken ,please help me with that to create an acc.
A: Hello Joel,We understand your concern and will contact you via DM to provide further assistance.Thank you.

Q: Money is debited from my account but not received at receiver end. What should i do?
A: Hello@Pratik_PatrePlease use the chat option on the app for a quicker resolution.Also, you can mail your issue to support@jupiter.money for raising a support ticket.I also suggest you to wait for 1-2 days, if the transaction fails you will surely recieve the refund
@Pratik_PatreNo worries.The digital payments systems are designed in a way that the money doesn’t get stuck anywhere.So if the money is not credited to the receiver, the money would revert back to your account. But it takes 2 to 5 days (worst case scenario).But I think there are many issues with UPI right now - maybe because of the long weekend and the support team may be short. Fi Money had issues yesterday. HDFC also had some temporary issues.In the worst case scenario, you have a transaction number. So tracking the money is easier.
Now I’m facing the same problem, my money was debited bur the receiver didn’t receive money and it’s been 2days it is in still processing. The chat support is wasting my time by not giving any proper response
Just wait for 2 more days . Usually it takes 3-5 days for the refund
@Pratik_Patre@jaswanth_saihope you have got your money back.
It’s been 2weeks still i didn’t got my money back and i raised complaint too no response
@Nikhil_GodboleCan you pls look into this
Worst services experience. I m waiting from last 6 days. The sent email saying will be resolved by 11.59 PM but after that no reply and next day checking on statement… just time pass no response
Yes. These days there are a lot of issues withUPIpayments. Earlier I thought that it was on CSB RuPay Credit card UPI issue only but when I tired other bank’s RuPay credit card (YesBank), I faced the same issue. So the problem is with UPI. Should we reach out to UPI regulatory i.e., RBI instead of Jupiter or Banks?
I am not sure if the issues will be resolved quickly if it is a global issue for everyone on the UPI network. You can try to raise an issue though.
How’s UPI transactions working now? I did Credit Card UPI transaction for Flipkart and it worked fine.How’s your transaction going?
Beware of Potential Scams in Community PostsThe above post appears to be spam and contains incorrect contact details that could lead to scams.Please be vigilant and avoid engaging with such posts. If you come across any suspicious activity or information, report it immediately.

Q: Jupiter recently announced so-called Switch in credit card with much hullabaloo. At the same time, in collusion with Federal Bank, they quietly started a bait and switch scam. SeeBait-and-switch - WikipediaAt the time of opening the savings account, it was told to be a zero balance account. There was no account closure charges if done within 14 days, or after 6 months. Now Federal Bank has sent out an email saying the zero balance will be removed, and moreover, there is no option to close the account without paying service charge! It has been 10 days since that mail from Federal Bank, but no communication from Jupiter clearly showing they are complicit in this scam.I understand the company is under pressure to start raking in the moolah to show the numbers to the investors, but taking this route of scamming customers cannot be accepted. Hence, please restore the original terms and conditions immediately, or provide an option to close the account without charges.
A: Pls create jupiter account, one big scam
100% agree. Adding an AMB is one thing, but making us pay for closing the account? That’s absurd. It’s been days and Jiten hasn’t clarified anything despite us constantly tagging him on the post regarding the service charges. At this point, us users will have no other choice than complaining directly to RBI.
Kotak done! Now Federal bank is the next one in queue to get the hard hit by RBI. These banks are thinking they can do whatever they want and exploit the customers. Expecting a mass petitions to RBI on this soon.If they revoke this stupid revisions, well and good. Jupiter, Fi etc must should stay firm against this revisions if they want to survive.
Could you pls share the SS of the mail. Looks like I did not get it. What is the new condition?
Here, take a look at the Jupiter sectionhttps://www.federalbank.co.in/documents/10180/81307/Service%20Charges%20and%20Fees%20(With%20effect%20from%2001st%20June%202024).pdf/f0d3e1dd-1363-4f69-9359-970f6f10285b?t=1714374262222This was sent in the email by Federal Bank on April 30, meanwhile@Jitenand his team have gone absconding as their scam has been exposed. There is not a single communication from Jupiter on this matter.
Maybe they are in talks with the bank. Once things are confirmed, they might notify us. They can not charge any penalty without warning us before maintaining the AMB. The AMB to be maintained is not mentioned. Hence I think they are still in talks with the bank.
Any update?

Q: Installed jupiter last week it said oops all seats are taken. Been trying for a few days now, still facing the same issue
A: @Sidharth_PillaiJupiter works with its partner bank and gets a specific number of slots assigned for new client onboarding. When these slots run out, users get this error. Please report this to the support team via email - support@jupiter.money. It will help them track the open requests for new customer onboarding. As soon as a slot gets assigned, they will reach out to you.
same thing happened to me months ago also with my friends contact@Shawnpintohe will definitely help you
Hi, even for me this is the same issue.
Hey@The_Word_NerdWelcome to the communityI suggest you to contact the support team by sending an email to support@jupiter.money. They will provide you an appropriate solution.
@Sidharth_PillaiAre you still facing the issue ?
I haven’t got a seat for a month now.
Please send an email to Jupiter support on support@jupiter.money. This will ensure a ticket is assigned to your case, you are added to the list of potential customer and as soon as a slot is available to open an account, the customer support team will reach out to you
Same issue for me . Waiting for more than 15 days. No update in app
@Suganplease report this to the support team via email - support@jupiter.money. This will ensure a ticket is assigned to your case, you will get added to the list of people that need a seat assigned and as soon as soon the seat becomes available, they will reach out to you
I contacted them but they called and said whenever our seats are free we will open your account. But its been 2 weeks since then.
@Jamir_Alamdid they provide a ticket number?
Yes#2456813They emailed me“Thank you for showing interest to join Jupiter. We’ve conducted some mandatory checks and in accordance with the internal guideline, we’re unable to process your request. However, let me assure you by saying that we’re constantly evolving our systems, and should your details fit the criteria in the future, we would be happy to have you onboard.”
@Jamir_Alamit seems they did evaluate your case and then sent this response.
So I won’t be able to open an account? It only asked for my phone number, what’s the reason to not process my request?
@Nikhil_Godbolerequest your help in getting someone from your team look into this.
@yagnesh01It’s already been addressed in the email sent to@Jamir_Alam
I have dropped a mail now. Hoping for a positive resolution
I am facing the problem of “All seats are taken”
I am facing a facing a problem of “all seats are taken”

Q: I am not able to upgrade to PRO membership this month.I am maintaining required NRV since months.Please look into this issue@Shawnpinto@Shawn_Pintoand help me with a positive resolution ASAP🙏
A: Hi@iAmAlanSabu, we’ll have the PRO team look into this.I’d need a few details to take this forward. Reaching out to you on DMs
Hi@iAmAlanSabulet me get this checked ASAP
Thank you team@Shawnpintoand specialist@Ritik_Royand team Jupiter for the quick response…I am back to PRO again​:grinning:
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: When I added the account it is showing “Adding account transaction and generating Insights”. It has been more than 24 hrs now. This issue hasn’t been resolved. Also I will attach the screenshot of the bug.Issue408×810 39.1 KB
A: Hey Rinoy! Your reaction is absolutely valid. However, I’m pleased to share that we’ve already started troubleshooting the issue. We should be in a position to share an update with you very soon. Appreciate your time and patience in the interim.
For my account, it took weeks to show
Onemoney the AA have some issues
Hey, AA took long time to Linking of SBI Account. NOW ITS SUCCESSFULLY LINKED.SBI- Balance showing correctly.But SBI Banks Transactions are not showing like others bank.Page Showing-“NO Transaction Yet”
for me finvu is not sending otp in jupiter finvu app is working fine
They need some time to show the collected data
is finvu in jupiter app not sending otp to me only or it’s for everyone ???
For me it’s sending me OTP
Any update on this? Finvu is still unable to link my SBI account.

Q: Hello,I have a Jupiter Edge Rupay Credit Crad.In the redeem option for Jewels into Gift Card, It asks me to open a Savings  Account. I had email-d the support team on how to redeem the Jewels.The response from the support team was that redemption of Jewels is not possible.Is this true ?Can we or can we not redeem Accumulated Jewels ?Do we need to Open a Savings account to Redeem Jewels as Gift Card?@Nikhil_Godboleimage1428×292 20.9 KB
A: Welcome to the community@vspraneethIf am right, you need not open savings account for redeeming jewels to gift vouchers. Savings account is needed only when a user wants to redeem jewels to cash or digital gold.

Q: Hi…A few days Back I reading some messages in device channel and someone selling Amazon gift cards at 40% discount and said carding as source.I chat with him and ask for proofs and everything looks legit.He asks 5k gift card for 2k.I don’t know my brain which state in that time…I know that would be end up in a scam but I pay him 2k.The UPI in starting give is not available or seems to be some error and later he provide me gpay UPI I’d and I pay him the amount.And then he just offline and said 5k voucher is not available,only 10 voucher is left so pay 4k more.I then He just a bloody scammer and refuse for refund back my money.I immediately raised a complaint in cyber cell and ver next My amount is put on hold (scammer bank is freezed).I also raised a dispute at jupiter end and it says 90 working days is maximum time period.I know it’s a just small amount for some people but its a big amount for me.In last I just want to know,Is there any chance I can receive my money that I lost.Please help reply if any step I miss.Thank you in advance.IMG_20240409_0835581080×686 109 KB
A: You might still receive your money but it would still take a very long time. The cases which involve huge amounts are solved on priority ig.
Siddharth B R:ts are solved on priority ig.Do raise a complaint on RBI Ombudsman if you don’t get a satisfactory reply within 30 days. Hope, your money will be back.
just forget about the money. You won’t get it back
How you sure about it
because once the transaction is done with your consent, you cannot get it back.Couple of friends have shared OTP and money is gone. They tried to get it back, but couldn’t. They complained to bank, cyber crime as well.Anyways, try as much as u can … let’s see
In April 2023, I received a message on WhatsApp from someone offering an online job promoting e-commerce product reviews. They asked me to buy the products and review them, promising that the product amount and a commission would be added to my account.They continued to add high-value products, and during that time, I was not thinking clearly and ended up giving around ₹615,800. They then increased the product value to ₹1.3 million and asked me to complete the task to withdraw the money, which I couldn’t do.The scammers used the name of a known e-commerce company, OnBuy (an England-based company), to deceive people. When I realized I had been scammed, I immediately contacted the OnBuy social media team, who confirmed that it was a fake website and assured me they would report it.Without informing the scammers that I was aware of the scam, I immediately filed a complaint with my bank and the cybercrime department and also visited my bank branch. The bank’s assistant manager confirmed that the scammers’ accounts were frozen and that the money was still there.Despite this, I received no positive response from the bank for a chargeback. I escalated the matter to the RBI, but their team showed little interest in resolving the issue and focused only on closing the ticket.I have emailed the bank’s CEO, but their senior management keeps telling me to follow up with the cybercrime team and that they will only proceed once they receive an update from them. Since then, I have been continuously following up with the cybercrime team, but the person handling my case often claims to be busy and is now not even responding.The RBI states that any scam reported to the bank within 24-48 hours will result in a refund, but I believe this is false because no one is helping, and I am still paying EMIs on the amount I borrowed.I don’t know how or when I will get my money back. If anyone knows a way to resolve this, please suggest a solution that does not require any additional money, as I have exhausted all my savings.I live with my parents in a rented house, and my salary is not sufficient. I am in a very bad situation right now.

Q: Hi Jupiter Bank,I have been a full KYC customer and requesting to activate my account or close myaccountsince February and there is no progress on it.image1125×2436 155 KBAlready requested, emailed and replied several times on mail.Please do the needful and send a confirmation at the earliest.Regards.
A: Hello Talha,We understand your concern. We’ll be reaching out to you via DM to provide further assistance.Thank you.

Q: I have tried to shop on Amazon and Flipkart, But the transactions are keep getting failed. I don’t know why. Kindly help with this.
A: @asrtamizhraise this via the in app support so that a ticket is assigned to your issue and tracked to closure.

Q: I recently changed my mobile phone number on Jupiter. Since then, I’m unable to set up jupiter upi with the new number.
A: Hello Ashwin,We understand your concern. We’ll be reaching out to you via DM to provide further assistance.Thank you.

Q: I’m not able to login into my account. The error says ( your mobile number could not be verified)
A: @Sudhir_KasanaWelcome to the community.Check whether the SMS is getting delivered to the recipient or not by going to the message app. Make sure you a have a working SMS plan (or recharge for 10Rs) and try again.If the issue is still not solved, kindly mail to support@jupiter.money
Hello Sudhir,We understand your concern. Currently, we are experiencing technical difficulties with the app. However, our team has identified the issue and is actively working on resolving it. We anticipate that it will be operational again shortly.We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. Your patience and support are greatly appreciated.Thank you.

Q: I applied for credit card on Jupiter app and I have waited more than 10 mins for ekyc but there was no response & no one came online to do kyc. Can someone resolve the issue?
A: Welcome to the community@aryansh_omrayTry changing the preferred language of the KYC process (if you are comfortable in both English and Hindi/other languages). It can solve this issue to a large extend

Q: Hi Team,I was having below saving account in Jupiter for almost 1 year and later on “closed” in Dec 22 due to KYC not completed.Account no: ***1116Mobile No: ****1610But the KYC is still showing as Partial and it is mentioned in the inquiry as well.My other applications are getting rejected due to the same.Request you to let me know the way out. I need to apply to a Federal bank product urgently and not able to do so due to above problem.@Nikhil_GodboleRegards,Nilesh
A: Hai@Nilesh_JainWelcome to the community.You can get much more clarification by mailing your issue to support@jupiter.money.Also, Tagging@Nikhil_GodboleHope sir can assist you on this.
I am not to complete kyc my account is closed please help me sir

Q: One and a half lakh rupees was going to be credited to my Jupiter account but Jupiter blocked my credit due to which the money is not being credited and the payment has been approved by the merchant. Due to the payment being approved, I am not able to credit it to my account and Jupiter is not unblocking my credit. For the last 25 days, I have been continuously mailing your customer care and cyber care. If you can’t find any solution to this then You unblock my account credit
A: 1.5L from Twitter … that’s means business paymentAs per as i know Jupiter doesn’t offer current account.Anyways check you registered mail linked with Jupiter account for appropriate instructions mail received from Jupiter support
@Mukesh0029sorry that you are going through this.@Jiten@Nikhil_Godbole@ShawnpintoCan’t Jupiter have a detailed page for this issue? Dos and Don’ts for account maintenance.I understand there is a reason for freezing the account and I understand that the law enforcement may not want Jupiter to inform the account holder the reason for the account freeze. But that is after the freeze. Can’t you inform the account holders in general about probable reasons for account freeze.Some of the reasons I read on the community…Crypto purchase using Jupiter accountIncome declaration during account opening is lower than the credited amountPolice Complaint/FIR against the account or account holderMany people are posting the same issue in this community. There may be more who are not aware of the Jupiter community.
credit in Jupiter Bank account
@DigitaLSo… are freelance payments credited to Jupiter also considered business payments?How do other bank deal with this? Do all banks need current accounts?I am curious…
अब मेरा अकाउंट अनब्लॉक होगा या नहीं मुझे सिर्फ यह जानाना है क्योंकि क्रेडिट ब्लॉक के कारण मेरा पैसा अटक गया है और मैं दूसरे अकाउंट में उसे नहीं ले पा रहा हूं क्योंकि पैसे भेजने वाले के पास से approwal हो गया है
image1879×565 88.5 KBHave you got any mail from Jupiter Team?And if yes, and you have given satisfactory responses, I think the freeze will be lifted. But still, the process may take some time.
Well it varies from bank to bank.In fact branch people will tell you to open a current account for receiving any form of recurring business payment from day 1 of your business venturebut they can’t force you to either convert to the current account or close the account until you cross the threshold limit amount set by the bank.In India we can still add our savings account to the GST portal.So nothing to worry… we can still receive business/freelance payment in our savings account but in limited amount.
मैं पिछले 25 दिनों से इंतजार ही तो कर रहा हूं पर उसका कोई निष्कर्ष निकाल नहीं रहा है तो मैं क्या करूं मेरे कुछ पैसे मेरे जुपिटर खाते में आने वाले थे वह अब क्रेडिट ब्लॉक के कारण ऐड नहीं हो रहे और वह पैसे भेजने वाले के पास है अप्रूव्ड हो चुके हैं जुपिटर ब्लॉक के कारण मेरे अकाउंट में ऐड नहीं हो रहे हैं जिसके कारण मैं काफी सारी समस्याओं का सामना कर रहा हूं तो कृपया करके मेरे खाते का क्रेडिट अनब्लॉक करवा जल्द से जल्द
कृपया इस पोस्ट को पढ़ें।इससे आपको मदद मिलेगी. उम्मीद है यह जल्द ही solve हो जाएगाAccount have been frozenHelpMy Jupiter account is blocked today, maybe after eveningWhen I tried to UPI transfer via Paytm it’s showing me account blocked, then I tried via Jupiter it’s showing same… 
When I opened Jupiter help it’s showing me to contact the cyber security email… Then I mailed them … 
Let’s see how many days need to resolved by Jupiter, in FI Money the resolved within same day because it’s system detected security issue. 
#1st time account blocked in JupiterEdit: auto re…
I don’t think people in the community will be able to solve it and definitely not right away.You need to take this through the official channel - customer support.I understand that you are in communication with the support for almost a month. But I don’t think there is any other way around this.
Payment approved ho gaya h
Do you mean you have got the money in your Jupiter account.As far as I know if the money is not credited to your account, it will be credited back to the account from where the money was transferred. At least within India, this is the norm.
@Abhinav_GoyalThanks for sharing this information.
I want the money in my Jupiter account. If the money is credited back to the account then I will not get it back. This is their clear statement.
That’s awkward. Twitter being a big brand and a corporate company, it shouldn’t shouldn’t do that.What you have earned is your money. I don’t think they’ll claim it because of an account issue.Twitter would definitely have a process for these kinds of issues. Please look into forums that may discuss this problem.
Yes I agree on that point. It won’t automatically be resent.So you’ll have to contact Twitter and raise and complaint and they’ll resend your money. As I said, that is “Your Money”. Nobody can claim ownership over it.
@alexnazyto be on the side extreme precaution, I have asked my employees not to use their Jupiter account for anything which is currently in the grey area with the regulatory authorities. That takes almost 95-98% of the issues.For the remaining 2% of the issues, if an account is flagged by a law enforcement agency, the process invariably takes time.One of the points to be noted is when the account freeze issues are posted in the community, we only get to know the account is frozen and there has been a delay in unfreezing them. What we are usually not aware of the full picture - why was it frozen, what information was sought etc. this is for obvious reasons that those details have personally identifiable information which cannot be disclosed here.
I agree with you…Maybe if the people who are reporting these issues in this forum can also tell us the suspected reason. This will enable us to make a master record of the probable reasons that could result in account freeze.I think Federal Bank is very notorious for the account freeze. Their tolerance level is less compared to other banks.
livelaw.in – 19 Oct 23Why Freeze Entire Bank Account Of Traders Just Because Unknown Cyber...The Kerala High Court recently directed Banks to limit the freezing orders issued in respect of p

Q: I tried multiple times to open the application but not able to do so. Its only showing the jupiter splash screen, its not even showing up the pin/biometric login options. Please help/confirm is it a problem from my end or yours asap.
A: @Atul_PalI am able to access the Jupiter app. I suppose it’s a ln individual problem.Can you try to reset the app by clearing storage/cache and try again?If you need help or it doesn’t work, send an email to support@jupiter.money.
Hey Atul,We regret to see that you are facing this issue. We are connecting with you via DM to have this addressed for you.
im facing the same issue. pls let me know how to solve it.

Q: Any ideas, on what to do? I need to do some urgent transactions
A: Update: I tried to reinstall it now it doesn’t verifies my phone number.
same here Sidharth
I just called them, they told that it is an issue from their side. they’ll fix it soon.
Thanks Sidharth ! and Team
Its fixed.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: I am getting error mobile verification failed error
A: Dear@Rohan_Pant, try clearing cache and Data and try again. Please make sure you are installed the latest version of the app and have working SMS plan with the device.If nothing works, try re-installing the app. Hope it works.Also, please try to email the exact issue (preferably attaching the error pic) tosupport@jupiter.money
Done the above steps.Still not working…
Maybe Jupiter is not for me …I cannot take error screenshot as it is disabled in app
@Rohan_PantOoops. Please send the mail asap brother.Yes, You cannot take the screenshot, please try capturing the screen from any other phone and attach it with the support request mail. Hope it will be resolved soon.
Agree with Abdul. Reporting these errors ensures -Resolution getting trackedIssue logs get tracked in terms of recurrence of issues that serve as data points for formulating a long term solution.
I have sent the screenshot to support team
Glad that you mailed the support team. and please don’t forget to update the complaint/resolution status here too, brother.As@yagnesh01said earlier, by doing so, it would help others with the similar issues in getting a quick resolution.Since you raised this issue, I was searching the community for some resolution but couldn’t find any. Only I could find some threads with the same issue as yours, but no solution. Hope the support team will fix the issue asap.App is not opening in my new iPhone 14 it is showing the mobile verification is failedBugsSo what should I do now I am having my pocket money insideJupiter App is not openingBugsHi@ShawnpintoFrom today morning, my Jupiter app has not opened 
It got stucked at the starting pageMy experience with Jupiter supportFeedback & IdeasTwo days back my father faced an issue in his iOS Jupiter app where the QR scan icon disappeared. He has tried reinstalling, restarting the iPhone… Nothing worked. So he asked help via in-app chat within two days the app received an iOS update which fixed his problem. Kudos to the support team. 
When compared to Fi, NiyoX…Jupiter is wayyyy better in terms of customer experience. Please DO keep this quality of support throughout your journey. 
Thanks.
Thanks for guiding Rohan@razack@Rohan_Pant
I can’t login my account please help me it’s showing that your mobile number could not be verified ! please help sir
Good afternoon.We deeply regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you further.Thank you.
I am facing the same since today morning already I had issues with Identity Verifications and now along with this…Hope to find some help@safwan.ahmedEdit: Got fixed today morning on 10th but my identity issue still persists
Hello Jacob,We hear your concern. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you further.Thank you.

Q: I recieved an email from Jupiter telling me to resubmit my KYC but when I tried to do so something happened.Screenshot_20240502-2131331080×2400 262 KBScreenshot_20240502-2132421080×2400 179 KBButScreenshot_20240502-2133201080×620 27.6 KBNow what to do?
A: Just check on this websitehttps://www.cvlkra.comor any other KRA enquiry site. Enter your PAN and check your status. I think this should be good although I hope Jupiter issues a clarification on this.
Is your Name (Full name) same as per Aadhaar and Pan Card?I read somewhere many users are facing issues due to name mismatch especially with initial and expansions
Same issue for me.
Same issue for me too…
Check:On PAN cardOn Aadhaar Card
I checked it on a very suspicious websitehttps://www.incometax.gov.in
I think it is asking for re kyc for Mutual Dund not for savings account.
I am getting the same issue. If the PAN name and AAdhar were different then it wouldn’t have linked
I’m also facing the same issue. I hope it gets resolved soon.
Same Issue here
Same issue here
+1
Name mismatch but pan n aadhar name is same

Q: What does this error mean? Not serviceable at my pincode or Jupiter app have some location issues?even I’m getting WhatsApp notifications to continue application but stuck here.Help please@Shawnpinto@Shawn_PintoIMG-20240505-WA00031800×3846 434 KBScreenshot_20240505_101636_WhatsApp1080×951 179 KB
A: 

Q: Today, I went to the nearest ATM (it’s an SBI ATM), I tried to withdraw money using my Jupiter debit card transaction declined (Show some “Routing loop back error on screen”), tried multiple time then also failed. After tired of Jupiter debit card, I used Bank of Baroda debit card, and it worked perfectly fine. I mean what is this behavior Jupiter is charge yearly fees on debit card then also this awful service. I trusted more Jupiter than Bank of Baroda, and see now Jupiter betrayed me.
A: 

Q: Today, I visited an SBI ATM center to withdraw cash. After entering my PIN and specifying the withdrawal amount, the machine displayed a message stating that the transaction was declined. Also displayed this message  ‘ATM indicate routing loopback error.’. Can someone please explain what this error means and how to resolve it?
A: I also faced this exact issue and same error popped up on my ATM screen. Tried multiple times but no luck, unfortunately I had to use Axis Bank ATM to withdraw the required cash.
Hai@athulkrishna420Welcome to the community.You can try ATMs of bank listed below:Debit card and atmHelpI also faced the same problem today, the ATM generated an error receipt. 
Had a chat with the support team, they said I was one of the affected users with this issue. They will fix it soon. 
The agent did give a list of ATM banks that work, so it was quite helpful. 
The list of ATM banks : 

Federal Bank
Yes Bank
Bandhan Bank
IDBI Bank
DCB Bank
Equitas SFB
AU SFB
Punjab National Bank.
IIMG202404051746511920×864 65.8 KBI am also facing the same problem not only in SBI ATM …it also happened in union bank of India ATM and Bank of India ATM
I also facing same issue. please help us…
Jupiter doesn’t support few ATM’S.THAT IS WHY I DON’T USE IT.I HAVE OPENED FI, AND TRASFER THE AMOUNT TO THAT, AND USE IT.Fun Fact is, both Jupiter and FI are backed be federal bank, and things which aren’t supported by Jupiter is done by FI.So, yeah
Time to close Jupiter and find better accounts
“Routing loop back” issue is still not resolved in the SBI ATM.Today, I tried withdrawal from SBI ATM and Canara Bank ATM. I was unable to withdraw money from either of these two.
Athul Krishna A:ATM indicate routing loopback errorSame Issue I faced today

Q: Hello Guys,How to check forex exchange rates given by Jupiter like niyo currency converter. And does anybody knows how much is the international withdrawal charges and mark up fees non salary account.
A: For instances: Niyo is giving 1 dollar at rate of 83.2 inr. So how can i check the same here

Q: How can I log into the app?
A: Apply debit card via customer care.After receiving the card, activate it via any nearby atm and then use the card credentials for mpin reset@Srishti
Okay, thanks!

Q: I couldn’t find the Telangana’s Electricity Bill provider( Southern Power Distribution company of Telangana Ltd ).Please add the Telangana Bill Provider to the list.
A: Welcome to the community@ruthvikbheemidiYou can refer this post for more info:Same is with TSSPDCL and I think the decision to add new billers lies with Bharat Bill Payment SystemFeature Request of APCPDCLFeedback & IdeasDear@MR_ASK_Chay, Welcome to the community. 
When it comes to the addition of APCPDCL, Jupiter may not have the capability to take action. Its functionality relies on the Bharat Bill Payment System. I have checked both Postpe and Flipkart Pay Later, which utilize Bharat Bill Pay, but I couldn’t locate the APCPDCL option there either. Perhaps it will be added in the near future.
Google pay does the job with the same bill payment provider Bharath Bill Pay. They include Ap and Telangana electricity providers and much more.

Q: Hii actually I have federal bank accountI attached federal bank to pf account but last 17 days it’s showing verification under process so kindly do the needfulPlease give me the approval my account…
A: Please contact with your Employer for verification. Bank can’t help you in this regard.

Q: When the edge credit Card available on Jupiter I registered and waiting for teh credit card now it’s showing your application is couldn’t complete some issue with location. Now iam working in Chennai. any solutions…any way I Pin a screenshot belowIMG-20240420-WA00031749×4160 486 KB
A: Same issue happened for me. Edge CSB team told me it’s because the location is not serviceable and that CSB is slowly expanding to new locations.

Q: I need help create my account. I tried video verification multiple times, completed my aadhar ekyc but still got an error.There’s an issue with your identity
A: Hello Vikas,We regret to see that you are facing issues. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you better. Thank you.
I also get some kind of errorIMG-20240412-WA00051200×1600 89.8 KBShown in this picture while creating an savings account
Hey guys,Don’t go through this hassle. Even if by chance your account gets created, it will be frozen due to VKYC issues. You won’t be able to use the account for indefinite period of time.My advice: Go with other Neo banks. Jupiter is too busy to create new products. They don’t address the basic problems anymore.
Hello Prashant,We hear your concern. We deeply regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you better. Thank you.

Q: when i try to open the app it says “blacklisted apps detected” and asked me to uninstall an app called adcontrol-ad1. I searched for the app and i am not able to find any app with that name and now I’m not able to open my jupiter app too. can someone help me to find a solution!!
A: @Shamsu_DeenDo you have any ad blockers installed? Or do you have any VPN/DNS setup? Or do you have a rooted device?Try to uninstall/disable those and try to open the app again.Also, do send a mail to support@jupiter.money. They may be able to give you a solution.
play.google.comAnyDesk plugin ad1This app provides control capabilities for AnyDesk on some devices...FreeSee if this app is installed or not? Remove it if installed
Alex Nazarene:mail to support@jupiter.moneyno, i didn’t install such apps.
blacklisted apps
Hey, I am facing the same issue and the customer support is not helping at allWere you able to resolve this issue?
Hello Poojangi,We hear your concern. We deeply regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you better. Thank you.

Q: I accidentally cancelled my SIP without withdrawing money. How to redeem the money from a cancelled SIP?
A: Hi Gokul,You can go to the Mutual Funds home page from the Invest tab on the app. Tap on the top section to see your Mutual fund holdings, select the fund and tap on Redeem.
Thank you so much for your help.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Hi team,When trying to do video KYC in the app the Bluetooth device is not accepting as audio and mic comes in the phone directly and because not having clear audio I tried 3 to 4 times then copied the link of the video KYC and tried it in the mobile browser and Bluetooth device is connecting so please look into the issue and resolve this as this is a great inconvenience.
A: 

Q: I have invested Rs 40-50K over the last couple months and was able to view all my investments and returns on the investment tab until last month. Although deductions have been made in my account this month as well, I am unable to view them in their usual screen and cannot find my investments. It now shows I have invested Rs 0 which worries me severly. Pls help me find where i can see investments and returns here.IMG_03591179×2556 323 KB
A: I am too facing this issue. My Mutual Fund Investments are not showing in the app. Help me why this is happening.
Even I am facing same issue but it showing there is some technical issue for mutual funds bcz of that we are getting invested amount as zero I hope it should resolvesoon
@ishitakumar@ravi65@chaithra_chethThis is resolved now. There was some technical issue in mutual funds. All your investments are safe. Thank you for your patience.
My investment are also vanished
This is resolved for all. Please check now.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Dear team,I am facing an issue where when I created a account it is struck at “Verifying your mobile number with Federal Bank” so please rectify this issue because I can’t use your app at all. Also I have made a complaint in support@jupiter.money and sent a screenshot with it so please sort it out soon.IMG-20240409-WA0019720×1280 58 KB
A: 

Q: Jupiter is all talk and no substance.I had a simple question about jewel redemption. The chat in the app does not understand it, so I connected to an “expert”. The expert said he is from banking team and I should contact credit card team. He created another chat link, and that points back to the previous chat!Since the app chat wasn’t helpful, I wrote an email. I received a response that I should use the chat in the app! Or I should contact the credit card team.Why do I, as a customer, have to care about your internal teams? Why do you expose your internal silos outside the company?If you can ask me to forward the email to some other team internally, why can’t you just do that yourself?Is the company management aware of this silo minded working?
A: Hai@KashtSeMarWelcome to the community.Is it related to CC Rewards?To which email did you sent the request?Kindly mail the issue toedge-csb-support@jupiter.moneyif its related with CSB Edge Rupay Card.
Typical SBI just in online.Chat and Support is too complicated and doesn’t help.
My question was very simple: can I redeem jewels to any bank account, that is, other than Jupiter bank account?The answer is either yes or no. It doesn’t even need my account details. For that matter, it doesn’t even need me to have a Jupiter account, you can even publicly post this information on your website.But without even reading the question or understanding what I asked, the customer care responded like a robot (“The mail mentions credit card so tell customer to email credit card department, without even thinking”).Once the customer has contacted the company through the official contact email address, why does the customer need to again send mails to other people, and why can’t it be handled internally in the company?That is what silo culture means, and your response here also suggests the same.
Bro, I’m not affiliated with Jupiter’s internal team nor am I an employee of Jupiter. I’m just a regular savings account holder and an active member of the community. That’s all.Firstly, you didn’t even mentioned the actual query in the original post. You just mentioned “I had a simple question about jewel redemption”. Only after 21 days, you are mentioning your actual issue, i.e.,“My question was very simple: can I redeem jewels to any bank account, that is, other than Jupiter bank account?”Secondly : You said you wrote the mail. It was unclear to which email you wrote since they have two separate mail ids support@jupiter.money for general enquires andedge-csb-support@jupiter.moneyfor Rupay credit card related issues.My intention was simply to assist you in reaching the appropriate team and what I understand is that at present, you can redeem jewels (Converted to cash) only to Jupiter account.Tagging@Lizann_Fernandez
Ok I didn’t know that you are not affiliated with Jupiter, sorry about that.For the rest, it doesn’t really matter what my actual query was. The important point is whether the Jupiter management knows about the silo culture in the company, and whether they care about it. Given that they haven’t even bothered replying, and instead they’re freeloading on community members to answer such queries, I guess it shows how much they care.As for the 21 days to respond, fixing Jupiter’s internal problems isn’t really a priority for me. Some days back, they had sent an email about some new gimmick called 3-in-1 rewards, so I logged in to give them feedback on it, and that’s when I saw some notifications on this post.
Hello Aravind.We hear your concern. We are connecting with you via DM to discuss this further.Thank you.

Q: I need to change mobile number, I don’t have my phone number which I used previously for login and I don’t have app logged in my device then how to change mobile number
A: Hi@Rahul1703! Welcome to the community.To change your mobile number, you’ll need to have your previous phone number active. Otherwise, at least, you should have access to the app. Suggest you obtaining a duplicate SIM card from your network operator.Also you mail this request to support@jupiter.money

Q: I am not able to compete the complete kyc video Verification.It always says that we are looking out for an agent.May I know when will this issue get resolved.Also do we have any dedicated customer services number?
A: Hey@Aishwarya_RameshWe regret the inconvenience caused.The issue will be definitely resolved in sometime as our best minds are working hard on rectifying the issue at the earliest.  This is our customer service number 08066665555. I shall connect with you via DM for further assistance as well.Thank you
@JupiterTeamI AM STUCK AT VERIFY YOUR MOBILE NUMBER AS I CHANGED MY SIM CARD…MY NUMBER IS STILL THE SAME… AND I NEED TO PAT MY CHILDS FEES AND ALL MY MONEY IS STUCK IS POTS…PLEAEE HELP ME AND REQUWSTINF A CALLBACK FROM THE SUPPORT TEAM…I ALSO REINSTALLED THE APP BUT ALL IN VAIN…NEED THIS SORTED ASAP…JUPITER TEAM…
Hey@SilenscreamerDon’t worry! I understand your urgency. Connecting with you via DM to check the issue and help you in your matter accordingly
Hey@SilenscreamerKindly DM to reach out to you as I’m unable to connect with you via DM.Thank you.
Its been sorted… seems some issue with airtel itself… thanks though for the immediate support
It’s our pleasure. We are extremely glad to know that you’re issue has been resolvedThank you!
Unable to complete video KYC. It doesn’t connect to the agent. Waited for 10* mins and tried several times. Have sent the screen video also to the support team. No use.No response. And the edge CSB lifetime card seems to be just on paper. The video KYC is a mess.Please assist.
Hai@Harish3Try it during the normal banking hours and still facing the issue, try changing the preferred language
Tried only during banking hours. Afternoon and early evening. After 10 am to 5 pm.Changing the language - there’s no option to select or change. The default screen is start video kyc.
Bro, give it another try tomorrow.When my brother completed his VKYC few weeks ago, he had the option to choose his preferred language. Also, consider emailing this issue toedge-csb-support@jupiter.money.
Have emailed brother. Tried again now - it doesn’t work. Just keeps loading.IMG_7319828×1792 79.5 KB
@safwan.ahmed@Lizann_Fernandez@Nikhil_Godbolesir, please look into it
Hello Harish.We hear your concern. We deeply regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you further.Thank you.
Thank you Safwan. Awaiting a quick resolution. I’ve been running to different people and email support for a solution.The application approved was also on this number.

Q: Hi,I’m maintaing good account balance, I do transactions from Jupiter & Also purchase digital gold,  but i can’t able to eligible for instant loan. I call customer care & chat about this issue multiple times. But they just told “this issue will solve soon & you will be notified when the instant loan available.” but still I am facing this issue, Please resolve it.
A: Hai@ANK1Welcome to the community.Eligibility for a personal loan depends not only factors like maintaining good balance, transactions and gold investments. But it considers factors like your credit score, number of loan accounts, repayment behaviour, overall credit utilisation etc.I suggest you to always check your recent credit score and see it doesn’t contain any negative factors.Also, try mailing to support@jupiter.money for more clarification
I don’t have any credit score.
Hello@ANK1, perhaps that could be a one factor to the loan rejection.Are you currently a student?Consider using pay-later services or opening a secured credit card backed by a fixed deposit. Doing so could help build your credit score.

Q: How should i get screenshot
A: Hai@AkankshaWelcome to the community.Unfortunately, the screenshot feature is unavailable for Android devices on Jupiter. Only iOS devices can capture screenshots.However, you can still share the payment receipt using the share option.

Q: Hi team I have updated my mobile number still my app is not opening. Please help my email id is  new number  my FI account is also not opening because of this.
A: Hai@JaideepSince you have shared the ticket id in another thread, someone from the team will assist you in getting this resolved.Suggest you edit the post and remove personal details like mobile number and email id. Share those only in DM with the concerned team members
Sure Abdul
@Nikhil_Godbolerequest your help to have some from the team look at ticket number 2866737 which has been raised by@JaideepHe shared it in a thread which has been marked as resolved.
@yagnesh01@JaideepSocial media team is on it. They will update
@Nikhil_Godbole@yagnesh01@razackThanks for acknowledging my issue because of this my I am not able to use jupiter and other fedral bank services.
Hello Jaideep,We deeply regret the inconvenience caused. Connecting with you via DM to have this addressed for you.Thank you.
@yagnesh01@razack@Nikhil_Godbole@Bhoomika_GowdaThanks for connecting me on DM my entirely banking is dependent on fedral bank please try to solve this issue as soon as possible.
@Nikhil_Godboleatleast reply sir that team is working on your issue you have to wait for so and so date. Your issue will be resolved.
Hi Jaideep. We tried connecting with you over a call, however, we could not establish a contact. Please be assured that we are actively addressing your case and will contact you shortly with a concrete update.
@Devjyoti_ChoubeyThanks mam for acknowledging my issue, I will waiting for the resolution to be delivered. My business and personal banking relies on fedral server.My biggest mistake of 2023 would be change of contact number on jupiter app😕
Hi, Jupiter team@Nikhil_Godbole@yagnesh01I wanted to change my registered mobile number since it has been deactivated by the service provider.But as I cannot receive any sms through that number I do not have to acess to any opt while logging into jupiter account.Is there any other way to login because i have to do some payments but due to this issues i cannot use my account.please reply as soon as possible.thanks & regards,Shivanshu.
@Shivanshu_shuklaCurrently there is no option to change to a new mobile number if the old number is not active.If you have a debit card, you can visit a nearest ATM and do the needful. If you have a cheque book, you can issue a cheque and withdraw the amount accordingly.Let us know if you don’t have either of the above and I’ll get the team to help you with the next steps.
I have debit card but what to do if I have to do some online payment, without login I cannot do that.
@Shivanshu_shuklaYou can use your debit card for all online payments provided you have activated the online payment option in the app when you had access to it.Only for UPI, you will need to login via the App.Alternatively, you can also link your account (Federal) with any of the other 3rd party payment apps in the market and make the UPI payment.
Ya I mean I have to do UPI payments. Can you guys provide some alternate options to get otp through registered mail or whatsapp that would be very very helpful, not for me but also for anyone who is facing same issue. If yes please let me know its very urgent.
@Shivanshu_shuklaI don’t think anyone in the industry has OTP as an option for UPI as the core element of UPI was to ensure that the SIm binding is in place to make a payment.My earlier option of UPI will also not work if you have lost access to the old number which was associated with you federal account as you will not be able to link it to any other app as it will require OTP
I think there is some misunderstanding form your side, I was actually asking alternate options to login into the jupiter app and also for changing the number, that will be easy if sms option is not available.
@Shivanshu_shuklaSorry. There is no alternate way to login to the App if you don’t have access to the registered mobile number.
In future can you guys apply that feature.

Q: how to increase credit limit ? it shows 20000, ineeded to icrese it it
A: Hai@Muhamed_VpWelcome to the Community.The initial credit limit is determined based on factors such as Credit Score and Repayment History.  I think it can typically takes 6-12 months to become eligible for a limit increase offer, similar to other credit cards. For further clarification, you can reach out via email to edge-csb-support@jupiter.money if you’re using the CSB Edge CC.

Q: Two days Ago I called customer service ( I have recording)  they told that AMC will be waived off for you …Still yesterday I was charged AMC ? WhyThe notifications was after 31st … But then Why debited before time …This is a Clear case of Section 420 in The Indian Penal Code, 1860.Better Refund within 31st March or I’ll case against Jupiter.Now Court has taken the permissions to submit of Voice recording as a proof
A: @Shawnpinto@JitenJitendra Gupta
@yagnesh01
@Bhoomika_Gowda
Hello Biswajit,We hear your concern. We deeply regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you further.Thank you.
Did you get your money back?

Q: All homepage details are visible when opening app, during biometric unlock. This is privacy concern. I don’t how it happened. But noticed recently.IMG_20230622_1301411824×3792 378 KB
A: Did not face this on an IOS device.Before we classify this a user specific issue, let’s also wait for some other Android users to confirm.Having said, please report this to the support team.
Yeah it is True the homepage loads before the biometric prompt in order to increase the speed of app launch.
I have also encountered this issue several times before. However, the biometric unlock screen appears in the center of the display (in my device), so the details can hide beneath it. So, I did not consider it a significant issue for me and therefore did not report it.
This isn’t a bug.It’s one way to load the home page faster.I believe the home page is pre-cached here.
Oh, something can be done? To hide transactions and UPI ID?
I hope this is the same thing mentioned under ‘coming soon’ feature. Now, the app is super fastimage1312×670 62 KBSaurabh:However, the biometric unlock screen appears in the center of the display (in my device), so the details can hide beneath it. So, I did not consider it a significant issue for me and therefore did not report it.+1
Splash screen of Jupiter would be okay. I don’t need cached homepage just for the sake of opening app faster, non of the banking apps does that.
Please do something about this. I want Jupiter logo splach screen. Not the details.
@Bhoomika_Gowdado something about this, none other payment or banking app are doing this…

Q: So Jupiter tracks my Kotak account from which emi payment is made monthly. Up until now it has been tracking well but this month I saw that it’s counting the emi transaction two times in the spends section. What do I do?
A: That’s not a bug. It’s actually showing both your account transaction as well as your app transaction. Like for me when I saw 2 transactions, one from kotak account one from Jupiter. But both are same.
Why would it then show app transaction when that transaction has nothing to do with Jupiter?! Like Jupiter is not involved in that transaction at all.
Does it shows money credited when you recieve money from from other sources like NEFT?

Q: Recently, I have raised the request for account closure and confirmed that Jupiter account is linked no where with UPI Lite on any apps, but still after initiating the account closure request the team cancelled it stating UPI Lite is still active and team is unable to provide me the info on the same. Pathetic!!!Issues with the active account and issues even at the time of closing the account as well.God save Jupiter!!! I see it going Paytm Payments Bank way soon!!!@Nikhil_Godbole
A: Hello Specter,We deeply regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to have this checked for you. Thank you.

Q: The help and support chats are also not getting opened when I wanted to raise a query with the team even after I reinstalled and restarted the device, the issue is still present, and pots are also having bugs the amount in pot got missing and now it is showing I did 2 transactions.
A: Hello Yukta,We hear your concern. We deeply regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to have this addressed for you.Thank you.

Q: I had a great experience with Jupiter until recently. On January 25, 2024, at 12:13 pm, I received an email from Jupiter stating that an amount of 7000 had been withdrawn from the pot. But the thing is I havent done the withdrawal. Everything would have been fine if that amount had been credited to my account, but unfortunately, it hasn’t. It’s not even recorded in the account transactions; the statement indicating the withdrawal is only in my pots statement, and it doesn’t appear in the account statement or the Federal bank statement either. The frustration doesn’t end there; today, a friend transferred 6000 via Cred. While Cred shows that the amount has been received in my account, it hasn’t been credited.
A: Hello Naveen,We regret to see that you are facing this issue. We are connecting with you via DM to have this addressed for you. Thank you.
Hi just checking did you get the money back?

Q: I’m unable to log into my account after reinstalling the app. It says my mobile number could not be verified. I tried restarting my phone and reinstalling the app multiple times. My other messages are going through.I have recharged 10rs twice, still I am not able to send message. Twice the message even sent, with no response from bank.IMG_66901179×2556 404 KB
A: Does sending an sms normally to someone in your contact list or your other mobile number works using the same sim?If that does not work maybe its an issue with the network provider, they can be notorious for not allowing sending messages without a costly recharge with validity of some days.
I send message to my contact list personAnd message was sent successfulyAfter this i can not login to my jupiter account
Hello Hemant,Thank you for reaching out. We’re here to assist you and will be contacting you via DM to address this matter. Thank you.

Q: I just want a loan from jupiter but after 1st full repayment of my last loan jupiter change the eligibility criteria for me to a loan back. I am an honest person but I also know that my honesty does not guarantee the return of the money taken from me. I don’t know what to do but I really need moneyHelpJupiter
A: Hai@Ashutosh_PanikaWelcome to the community.If I’m not mistaken, loan approval isn’t solely based on your repayment history; it also takes into account factors such as your recent credit score, the total number of loan accounts, your overall credit utilization etc. It’s advisable to wait for 30-90 days and also to check the credit report. Additionally, if you believe you meet the eligibility criteria, you can address the issue by emailing support@jupiter.money.

Q: Hi i have waitlisted for a long time, and still no updatebut for new members, it was getting approved immodestly
A: Hello waiting for 5 days
I don’t know if the public rollout is done yet, if you “really need” the card you can write a email to customer care regarding it and they may help you with it. Don’t do it if your credit score is not good
@mryashchauhancould you please share the email address
edge-csb-support@jupiter.money
No update from the team
I have the same experience. I have been using jupiter as my primary bank account and still it shows the waitlist number around 41000.

Q: I received my credit card yesterday and I have started using them for my daily expenses. But today I noticed that the statement of the expense shows additional amount charged than the original expense. This is particularly seen in Fuel expenses. I refuelled for 800 rupees but the statement shows 810 rupees as the amount spent. Similar issue is also seen again when I refuelled for 150 rupees but the statement shows 168 something amount spent for that expense which is not correct. I would like to get to know what this is all about and get a clarification regarding the matter.
A: Hai@RajRahulThis has to be the fuel surcharge amount
@RajRahulAs@razackpointed out, this is fuel surcharge which is charged on all card (debit & credit) transactions.As of now the only way to avoid these charges are get credit cards/debit cards having the feature of fuel surcharge waiver (even those cards have caps on how much surchage can be waived). Or the easier option is to pay through UPI or cash.Even UPI might start charging in the near future.
image1719×642 68.2 KBimage1720×621 65.6 KB@RajRahulPlease refer these Key Fact Statements regarding fuel charges and its waiver, of Edge Visa CC (1st one) and Edge CSB Rupay CC (2nd one).

Q: Payment status is home is " processing" , when clicked on that payment inside its sucess.
A: 

Q: Hi,After creating the account and deposited money, it’s stuck on the “set your virtual debit card pin.” Tried multiple times setting the pin, it’s showing as technical problem, try again later and stuck at the screen.
A: Hameed facing difficulties while onboarding.@Shawnpintocan you help him.
We need to check this.@DCreatohave you connected with our support team regarding this yet?
Hi,no I have not contacted the support team regarding this.I thought to message in community to see if anyone facing the same problem as me.Thanks.
Got it, we will need to check what had happened during your onboarding journey.I’ll need a few details from you, reaching out to you via DM.Thanks!
Facing the same issue, please help me!
Im facing the same Account opening issue while Im stuck at the debit card pin setting section.
I’m also facing the same issuePlease help me outI’m not able to login evenOn the very start it’s asking for verification
I am facing the same account opening issue. I am stuck at the debit card pin set. It says there is a technical issue, please try again.
@8007_Mukul_Sohani_BE@Ayushmaan_Kapahi@HARSHA1@Nithish,Friends, it’s best if we follow the process for such requests.Read here:Process for service requests - Please follow this (Important)Our support team is ready to help you out, but for that to happen, you will need to connect with them. We do this so that conversations and tickets can be tracked and resolution can be faster.
Agree with Shawn. Raising tickets via support is very important. It is helpful from data analytics perspective for the Ops team to determine which issues are being reported the most, which in turn helps them provide a data driven input to the backend team for bugs and maintenance.
Yes, Community team helps when its Major issue , and when voice over assistant or chat failed to solve the problem,Minor issues can be resolved by the chat/ call/ over email supports…It’s a systematic way, like traditional bank, when customer care team solution not satisfied or not able to resolve… Then you can raise your problem to the principal nodal officer.
Im facing the same Account opening issue while Im stuck at the debit card pin setting section.Help me
@Chandan_9Welcome to the community.Suggest you to retry after some time. If the issue still persists, attach the error screenshot and mail the issue to support@jupiter.money.

Q: On feb 20th , while doing couple of transactions from pots almost about 10,000/- got stuck in my pot unable to withdraw the amount and now the pots sections shows zero amount. But the assets shows as 10,000/- remaining in the pot.Customer service just dragging the topic asking for pot account statement where in if I try to fetch it from federal bank certificate page it says I dont have access to fetch it.I instead I have provided the customer service my account statement with all the transactions to the pot and it also has all the transactions from the pot, and it shows a discrepancy of 10,000/- clearly.I really dont know what is up with this issue but I have seen lot many customers faced the same issue recently. This is a huge amount for me and Im in an emergengy. I have trusted jupiter and it’s more than 15 to 20 days now and no resolution is provided.I would like to escalate this issue and take it forward so that better and quick resolution is provided ASAP.
A: Hello Sreeja,We hear your concern. We regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you further.Thank you.

Q: OMG… Jupiter is one of the worst platform for UPI payment, not able to understand why send money page  it’s dam slow not responsive at all, need to close and open the app several times to make the payment.I have significantly reduced doing UPI payment on Jupiter…Now the whole purpose of money tracking is destroyed because of this issue…
A: 

Q: I wish to re-KYC my Jupiter account as my name and address has been changed
A: Hai@vaishnavikbWelcome to the community.I am not sure whether there is a provision for re-kyc at Jupiter.Usually, bank pushes customers for re-kyc after some time period, say 2 years, 5 years etc.Let me tag@Nikhil_Godbole
Please let me know at the soonest possible if you can help me complete the re-KYC. as I do not wish to use the account with the older name. Therefore unable to use the account on a day to day basis.@razack@Nikhil_Godbole
Same for me I want to update my account name and address… I want to add this account on trading platform
Ree kyc

Q: While raising any UPI collect request the system only sends the message but the request is not visible in the app. Previously we have a seperate option to check for these collect request. But in the latest version I can’t see any options for the pending UPI collect requests.
A: @Mohanasuryai just tried sending a test request to a friend who also uses Jupiter. He was able to see the payment request under the payments tab.Having said, agree that the amount payment approval notification and request at times do not show up. Have faced this while booking metro tickets.
I noticed this issues often recently. Usually the request will show directly on the home page above the recent transactions. But nowadays those requests are not popping up even as a notification. Last month I got these kind of issues 4 times.

Q: I have moved my salary account to Jupiter as this account is giving better options like advance salary, loans etc. But after me moving to this account and changing my salary account. I didn’t get any benefit from the Jupiter. It’s been more than 5-6 monthsDid i do any mistake but changing my salary amount to Jupiter.
A: Hi@Mahesh_Kumar_Vthe team would like to get this checked for you.I would need a few details to take this forward. Messaging you privately on DMs

Q: Hi.Got update that I can apply for credit card just to realize they have location issue ( when I tried applying) and due to which I have wait for 30 days.I had word with the team and got reply that I will have to wait for 30 days as internal team works on null issue.Over the days, I have observed many people complaining about the card and also I have seen multiple time Jupiter app being slow and sluggish, pot delay showing issue - poor support response and what not.I am slowly loosing my trust on you this app.Why would they launch any thing which has location issue to user and force them to wait for 30 days?
A: 

Q: I had a Pot named “EMI” of tenure 30 days. Everything was fine but on 18th February I added ₹500 to it. The amount gets deducted but it was not updated in the pots. Generally, it takes 24 hrs to update the pots balance, so i thought it will get updated. Now, After 4 days I saw that the balance was not updated yet. So, I added ₹500 more on 22nd February to check if that might update it. Now, Here’s the issue, the amount that I have added on 22nd gets updated but the amount on 18th February is still missing. I contacted the support via app and they said that they will resolve the query and balance will be credited by 27th February. Now, on 27th February they closed the ticket and marked it as resolved but the amount was not credited. I had provided them with statements screenshot in that ticket number and now that resolved query itself is missing from the application help section. So, I mailed them stating the whole issue and with pictures of the issue. At this point the balance is updated in cashflow section but not in pots section. After a very long discussion over call, they said they will escalate the problem but can not tell me when the issue will be resolved and they will keep it window open but on the application they mentioned that they will contact me with a follow up in 3 working days but they are yet to contact me which I think they won’t cause their customer support said that he can’t tell me when the issue will be resolved.The amount should be ₹3200 instead of ₹2700Ticket Number:3056459photo_2024-03-01_20-30-12720×1280 148 KBphoto_2024-03-01_20-30-17720×1280 141 KBExplanation of Screenshots:the first screenshot shows the correct amount of ₹3200 that is shown when you click “View Pots” in “Saved” section but the moment you click the pot to break it. It will show ₹2700 . The money is still missing and Support is not helping at all.Moral of the Story: Do not invest in pots no matter how good you think the concept. It might happen to you too with much more amount.FYI: The issue is now resolved.12 days to resolve it. 18 Feb 2024 - 2 March 2024
A: Deveshu Pathak:Do not invest in pots no matter how good you think the conceptSad to see many people’s funds being disappeared on Jupiter. Management needs to address this why such glitches are happening very frequently.
You will never loose your money in this app due to any tech glitch. I will get this checked what happened in this case@Nikhil_Godbole@Archana_PN
Hello Deveshu,We deeply regret the inconvenience caused. Please be assured that your concern is receiving our full attention and is not being ignored. We are also connecting with you via DM.We kindly ask for your patience during this interim. Thank you for your understanding.
True, disappearing funds will get back but the real issue is that, how streamline the process is to get back that money. I was getting no updates about it and to make matters worst support said they can’t give me the deadline when the money will be credited.Thankfully, After posting it here, it’s resolved.Considering Pots feature they are meant to be a flexible funds so that anyone can withdraw whenever they need.
Yes, whatever it is customers get panicked when they don’t see their funds visible in the accounts and also erodes the confidence of the customers.Any reason given by them why such issue happened?Also, I request the team when such a query is raised on the forum, if the team provides an explanation for the issue raised, it would restore the faith and confidence in Jupiter@Jiten
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Hey guys my UPI is not working with Jupiter. Please guide.
A: Hi@Manish_Kumar, can you let us know more about this?Is it the payment? The scanner?We would require more details to take the next steps.
Authorized NAHI kar Raha hai active ka issue hai
It would be better if you have hide personal details from the post .
Hello Manish, We deeply regret the inconvenience caused. connecting with you via DM to have this addressed for you. Thank you.
Mine also not working, not able to make payments , tried everything, reinstalling, force stop, clear cache everything.
Uninstall app and don’t install again

Q: I am repeatedly setting the same pin for my debit card but its showing that the pin i entered is not matching and also displaying no card in use@ShawnpintoHelp ME!!
A: @Mithil_Kandkurit is recommended that you raise this issue with support team to ensure a ticket is assigned to your issue and tracked to closure

Q: My FD disappeared suddenly and Im in need of funds. What a fraud you are. I’ll report to RBI if its not resolved in 2 hrs
A: Hello Sagar.We sincerely apologize for the disappointment caused. The issue has been identified, and our teams are diligently working to resolve it at the earliest. Kindly grant the team a few hours for the necessary fixes. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused and appreciate your support and patience during this time.Thank you!
I have talked to your support team, they are asking for whole week to fix this. Its unacceptable given you promised for instant withdrawal.
Hello Sagar.The relevant team has provided an update, indicating that the issue has been resolved. Kindly verify the status at your earliest convenience.Thank you.
Can anyone explain why did it happen?

Q: I added some fund at Super Pots and it still shows processing. What can I do to fix this?
A: Welcome to the community@Wongyal_DorjeeThe best thing you can do is to wait for some time. It will be successfully credited to Pots soon. If it fails someway, you will get the refund.You can also use the chat option on the app for a quicker help and can also mail the issue to support@jupiter.money to create a ticket.
Yup I did that! Thanks for the information. I have OCD so I get obsessed over just about anything and this is driving me nuts!
Is that transaction still under ‘pending’ status?
Hi@Wongyal_DorjeeLet us know if it’s been resolved. If not, I’d suggest following up with the in app chat support for latest updates for your concern.
The issue is resolved but there is a permanent pot that for some reason I am not being able to delete add or make any change to. Which is annoying. The app is great and I think it’s a start up to have so many issues. But, it is getting tiring now.

Q: How many customer ids associated with my mobile number.I need this to contact Federal customer care since I am not able to login to FedMobile app.I need this because credit card can be only controlled by FedMobile app and I can not login to it. I hold Jupiter and Fi both the accounts.
A: There should be an alternative way to pay credit card bills. If we hold CSB/Federal Bank credit card, the bank should allow us to pay the bills via their app/website also. Scanning the QR code on the bill leads us to Jupiter app.
I think it is a single customer ID but different accounts
Hai@vinageWelcome to the community.Vinay Garge:I need this because credit card can be only controlled by FedMobile appCould you please elaborate on which card variant are you talking? Is it regarding Jupiter Edge Card (Visa/Rupay)?
@razackIt’s Federal Signet (Visa).

Q: Please retry you sometime kyc in issue problem pls my kyc is completed urgent
A: @raj_gamingplease reach out to the support team via email - support@jupiter.money. The community has no insights on KYC related issues.

Q: Hi im NikhilI’ve Ordered Jupiter debit card on 8 January 2024But there not showed traking info and other…And today’s date is 22 February 2024My card not delivered yet and there showingYour card is deliveredI’ve already contacted to Coustomer support but not worth itDelivery partner not contacted meThen where is my card ??? Tell me please
A: @Rajdz17it is recommended that you continue to work with the support team to get this issue resolved. The community does not have the insights or the information to help you here.

Q: When I try to open an account got this message after Entering PAN card details…“Sorry your account couldn’t be created, Profile doesn’t match Jupiter policies”Please Help me out…
A: Hello Arnab.We hear your concern. We regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you better.Thank you.

Q: Hi guys my debit card not workingi ll complaint online because my mobile no is stolen and i complaint to mobile service they say sir we give this no to someone else I want to change my number they don’t reply me now I want to take out my money with my ATmpayment decline by your bankScreenshot_20230613-1348371080×2400 46 KB
A: Hi@Yashtyag1,If the atm card was not blocked, then it should work in the ATM.In case it is being declined in ATM, please check this post below and try to withdraw cash from any of these ATMs.Debit card and atmHelpI also faced the same problem today, the ATM generated an error receipt. 
Had a chat with the support team, they said I was one of the affected users with this issue. They will fix it soon. 
The agent did give a list of ATM banks that work, so it was quite helpful. 
The list of ATM banks : 

Federal Bank
Yes Bank
Bandhan Bank
IDBI Bank
DCB Bank
Equitas SFB
AU SFB
Punjab National Bank.It might just work, but if it doesn’t you can mail your issue at support@jupiter.moneyHopefully you get your issue resolved.
@Yashtyag1Welcome to the Jupiter Community.I am assuming the screenshot you tried is of PayTM.Unfortunately you cannot add your money from Jupiter to Paytm or other wallets via debit card since you will not recieve any OTP for completing the transaction.As@Abhishek_Ulayilhas pointed, the one option you can try is to withdraw the money from any of listed ATMs. Also, as pointed out by him, kindly send a request mail to change your mobile number with relevant proofs.
Sir I’ll try my card in SBI ATM it shows your transaction declined by your bank
@Yashtyag1this is a very peculiar situation. This will need a lot of coordination with the support team and will involve multiple emails and phone calls.
We’ll need to check what we can do here to solve this.@Yashtyag1Let’s connect on DMs.
Its a interesting incident.Register mobile number allotted to someone else due to non-usage for i guess 6 months.Bank account still active with balance in der & may be debit card usage was turn off.Now to get access to the account you have to change mobile number or ask for otp from the new owner of your current RMN.
This is a common practice followed by telecom service providers. However, requesting an OTP from new owner can be quite risky, as users can easily download the Jupiter app and confirm their identity through verification SMS. Once confirmed, they can access and transfer funds using UPI to any other account. This risk is not exclusive to Jupiter, but applies to any other banking app as well.Previously, WhatsApp was also susceptible to this risk until they introduced the security pin feature for access.
Try with federal bank atm or any one in the above list. If it works out then it would be good for you.
PXL_20230613_1223048901920×3413 407 KBPXL_20230613_1223010581920×3413 391 KBPunjab National Bank atm
But how to change Register mobile number in this kind of senerio?Without RMN we can’t get access to the newly installed Jupiter app
Folks, this situation will need Yash and the support to connect. There is very little we can do to help
Abhishek Ulayil:It might just work, but if it doesn’t you can mail your issue at support@jupiter.moneyOnly through mails and calls.Hope the customer team/concerned team can assist the user with the support of Federal bank to change the mobile number through a bank visit since its a rarest of rare case.
Yes branch visit with kyc documents is the safest & quickest option here
Which place I can do kyc in delhi
@Yashtyag1the team got this checked and noticed you had blocked the card recently.Can you check the card settings to see if anything is turned off?
If I have my number I can check it why I messaged you ? I dnt have my number I have my card and all documents which I add to Jupiter I’ll give you all proof that these account belongs to me help me to get my account back
Screenshot_20230613-1943561080×2400 222 KBNot a single reply from customer care service
Having a saving account without access to RMN is an emergency case. Visit any nearby federal bank branch with all kyc documents along with formal letter requesting RMN change explaining the circumstances.
Bruh i just reached every nearby ATM it shows same

Q: I am unable to open this aap even I have money in it so please do something I need to withdraw money
A: @Aditya11there is a maintenance activity till either 3 or 4 am. That could be a reason for the issue. If you face the issue after 4 am, please report this to the support team via email - support@jupiter.money
I am also facing the same issue. I can’t login into the app and has also reinstalled but then also its not working. I need to do some emergency transaction and now i am unable to do so. please help me. even i mailed to the team.
App is not working …!
No issues on my side. Never actually faced such login bugs.
Hello@Aditya11@ravi65@SHIHAB_ZICHU,We hear your concern. We regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you better.Thank you.

Q: From 5 days iam trying to do all types of transaction on my edge visa credit card, but all are getting failed. I contacted customer care they are saying that some 'visa threshold not triggered" and its a problem from “visa”. It’s crazy iam not able use the card because of your problem with visa ?
A: Hello Naga,We hear your concern. We regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you better.Thank you.

Q: When you auto-deduct money for pots you also create record saying + X amount added.It’s very confusing to understand in transactions and statement also show weird.I may not use pots if you continue to show bugs.I am not sure which is source of truth.
A: Hello Tarun.We understand that receiving both debit and credit receipts for your autopay transactions can be confusing. Allow us to provide some clarity on this matter. When funds are deducted from your primary account as part of the autopay setup, you receive a debit receipt to confirm the transaction. Subsequently, when the same amount is successfully deposited into your super pot, a credit receipt is generated to acknowledge the completion of the transaction.We appreciate your feedback, and we are actively working on enhancing our notification system to make it more intuitive for our users. Your understanding is highly valued, and we apologize for any confusion caused.Thank you.
Thanks for clarifying team.can you clearly tell that in the description in the app so that it becomes easier for customer to understand what those records mean right now it’s confusing and and it’s creating trust issues on the product. The messaging is not clear. I’ll ask your product team to clearly specify what transaction is meant for what thing

Q: I recently changed my phone number associated with my Jupyter account from the profile section due to my previous number no longer working. However, after updating my phone number, I encountered difficulties in activating my UPI ID for the new number. Despite following the necessary steps, the UPI ID activation process fails repeatedly. Unfortunately, I am unable to revert to my old phone number to resolve this issue.Steps Taken:Accessed the profile section and updated my phone number.Attempted to activate UPI ID for the new phone number.Received error message indicating failure to activate UPI ID.Expected Outcome:I expect to successfully activate my UPI ID for the new phone number associated with my Jupyter account, enabling seamless transactions.Additional Information:Account Email:padiphuakhilsai@gmail.comOld Phone Number : 8897428939New Phone Number: 9353768490Request:Kindly investigate this issue and provide guidance on how to successfully activate my UPI ID with the updated phone number. Thank you for your assistance.
A: Hai@Padidarapu_akhil_saiWelcome to the community.Someone from the team will respond to your query soon.Please edit this post and  remove the personal details like mobile number and email from this post.You can DM those details when asked.Also, for a quicker response, I suggest you to use the chat option on the app
Hello Akhil.We hear your concern. We regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you better.Thank you.

Q: I applied for an emergency loan through the Jupiter app, but the funds still haven’t appeared in my account after two hours! This is extremely frustrating, as I needed the money urgently. To make matters worse, customer support is completely unhelpful, just offering vague, generic responses. This is not the level of service I expect, and I need this issue resolved immediately.
A: Hello Daniel,We apologize for the inconvenience, but we need to inform you that certain services are currently affected by a temporary downtime. We sincerely regret any disruption this may have caused. Our teams have identified the issue and are working diligently to resolve it as quickly as possible. Rest assured; the amount should be credited to your account soon. Your understanding and patience during this time are highly appreciated.Thank you.
As he mentioned he needs the money urgently. This happens to me too. I needed my own money which i saved in pot now when i try to withdraw the same that showing processing after 3 hrs. If things goes like this we have to think about changing in the app use. Please try to fixed the same issue of your app. Try to maintain your downtime failure rate. Otherwise you will loss trust of your users.
I’m absolutely disgusted and beyond frustrated with this ridiculous service! Are you kidding me?  I spent FOUR HOURS waiting for processing, only to have it mysteriously fail and get canceled without any explanation. Thinking there might just be a glitch, I foolishly trusted Jupiter enough to try again. Imagine my horror when the exact same thing happened! This level of incompetence is unacceptable, and I will not tolerate it. I demand an immediate resolution and an explanation for these repeated failures.

Q: I tried 12 times to add money to one of my lock in pot. But each time it shows failed on the screen.  Without any idea i again try to add the money to normal without lock in pot and it got added. So now i just don’t understand if this happens to lock in pots only? If yes now i try to destroy one pot but it still showing processing… Don’t know if Jupiter has faced downtime right now or not…!!If somebody knows about this please help
A: Hello Ankita,We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience you have experienced. We are reaching out to you via DM to promptly address and resolve the issue for you. Thank you for your patience and understanding.
Bhoomika as discussed before again one pot has shown processing while i try to destroy the pot. This is really frustrating! You can see the pot from my account! Help me to destroy or reverse the processing as soon as possible. I needed the money now i have to lend the money from others.just because of you r damn app’s fault.

Q: Hey i Just changed my phone to a new device.I’m trying to install Jupiter but I get the error “it’s not you, it’s us”Is Jupiter down or is it because i tried logging in from a new device?
A: Hello Rishab,We regret to inform you that some of our services have been impacted due to a temporary downtime. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused. Our teams have identified the issue and are diligently working to resolve it as swiftly as possible. Your understanding and patience are greatly appreciated.Thank you.

Q: It keeps Saying " Mpin Verifiation failed". Unable to find any other way to login into the account.Very much disappointed. I want to transfer funds urgently and app doesnt work. And there is no other way to acccess account apart from app. Very Frustrating
A: @Satwik_Kumarthis seems to be user specific issue. I tried logging into the app and was able to get through. If you are android user, you should see an option to clear app cache. Try doing that. If you still face an issue, please reach out to the support team via email - support@jupiter.money. This will ensure your issue is tracked to closure.Alternatively, if you set up net banking credentials on Federal Bank website, you should be able to transact online or via the Febmobile application
Yagnesh Kubavat :see an option to clearI too am facing the issue, it says “Login via MPIN is currently unavailable due to maintenance activity. Please try again in sometime.”
For urgent fund transfer you can easily do it by linking your federal account with any PSP app like gpay/phonepeFor mpin issue contact Jupiter support via chat or call
I got that but is the app under maintenance or its just an error?
Hello Satwik and Deveshu,We sincerely apologize for the disappointment. The problem has been identified, and our teams are actively working to resolve it as quickly as possible. We appreciate your understanding and patience during this time.Thank you!
I tried to login via MPIN. It is working fine for me right now.

Q: Hi. I had made an offline purchase purchase at Levi’s last Saturday using my debit card. The money got debited but the transaction failed from the merchant. I was promised that the refund would happen by today but I haven’t received it yet. Can anyone help me with what I need to do next?
A: Hai@akasshmuraliWelcome to the community.For a quicker resolution, I suggest you to use the chat option on the app.Further, you can send an email to support@jupiter.money mentioning transaction details.
I’ve already tried it. They’re just asking me to wait but for how long?
@Bhoomika_Gowda@safwan.ahmedPlease look into it
Hello Akash,We hear your concern. We regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you better. Thank you.

Q: So i already have an ltf edge visa card hence i dont have an option to apply for upi card from the app so i applied via the link which gives a waiting number. So are visa card users eligible for upi edge  card?
A: Welcome to the community@ItzHolmesSince the card isn’t active yet, I recommend waiting for a few days for clarification.I’m sure that the team in charge of Rupay CC will provide a Q&A or FAQs section to address such common questions.
@ItzHolmes, Even if you hold a Edge Credit Card, you can join the waitlist. Either using the App or link provided for it.
@ItzHolmesWhile this question is applicable to me as well, I think there is some reason behind Jupiter’s silence.Maybe the Rupay card is not yet ready for public release.So let’s be patient.
I have Jupiter account now when I eligible for credit card
Hai@Shiv0455, Welcome to the communityCan you see a ‘Credit Cards’ tab on your app. If so, click on that tab, click on ‘Notify me’ button to get waitlisted.Also, you can fill the waitlist form by clicking the link below:Personal Finance, FinTech Updates from Jupiter – 5 Sep 23Edge UPI Credit CardHelpful blogs on financial planning, smart investments, articles about neobanking, updates from the Jupiter team, and thoughts from Community contributors. Follow the Jupiter journey, right here.The Rupay card is not yet live. Once you become eligible, the team will either contact you or you may see a pre-approved banner on the app.
Same case ,I’m getting pre approved visa edge offer though I yet to applyCan I get rupay varient instead by any chance?
hionce you are eligible they will notify you so keeping using the account.even i got approved like after 4 months of the account openingregardrohan

Q: Hi,I don’t see the external mutual fund dashboard, nor the money dashboard showing amount, i just see explore option here, but don’t see the invested amount
A: Hi Akash,Can you share your app version and device type (Android/iOS)?Also a screenshot if possible.
Hi ,My app version is 2.0.18 i am on the lastest version ,i am on Android osPFA for the issueIMG-20230429-WA0000960×1280 68.7 KB
Any update?
Dear@Akash1, Have you granted all the required permissions asked by  app.
Yes, i was able to view this earlier but all of a sudden it was gone
My recommendation would be to clear the app cache and data, and then check whether the issue has been resolved or not. Please try it once and see.
I think Jupiter removed that feature in an update, not sure when and how.@Shawnpintocan you check the status of CAMS external funds dashboard.Thanks
Interesting. I am still seeing the option to connect my email to track external mutual Funds.
@Akash1This likely happened because you tried to generate the CAS report and then forwarded it to our email - investments@jupiter.money.Could you use our app in-built flow, so this issue does not arise?Let us know if this worked.
Hi@razackI did try that but it did not work.@Shawnpintocould you please let me know which in-built flow you are referring, I don’t see the external option itself to request. could you please guide here, as yangesh mentioned I was having that option but now I do not have it , so don’t know how to proceed.
Hey@Akash1Head over to theinvestments taband there you should see a button to go tothe mutual fund dashboard. There you would see a slider to go to anexternal mutual fundand there you should see an option to either connect via google or manually forward the cas statement.
Hi@ShawnpintoI browsed the ivestement tab and I can see option of explore there as well I went into that but I don’t see option of external mutual fund.also in the investment tab, i went through all the clickable, but none are leading to external mutual fund option.
@Akash1is it possible for you you take a video of the steps that you taking to reach these screens and send the video link to Shawn via DM. This will help the team understand and recreate the error and spot the bug.
Hi@yagnesh01I have shared the video link to@Shawnpinto.@Shawnpintocould you please check
I think, I kind of understood the issue here .The explore mutual funds tab on the money page is taking you to the Jupiters mutual funds page.IMG_15571125×2436 166 KBHowever I think if you click on the investments tab in the home page and select the mutual funds explore option there, it might take you to the dashboard.IMG_15581125×2436 122 KBThe UI might be a bit different as I am lab testing new investments tab
No its behaving the same, its take me to the same page as it is from the money tab.I have shown in the video from investment tab as well as from the money section, its showing the same
I beleive, with the video shared with Shawn will assist the team in pin pointing the error.
Thanks for sharing@Akash1!I think we found out what the issue was.Hypothesis - Kyc for Mutual funds.We’ll get this checked and let you know.
@Akash1We think its because you’ve not done a SIP through Jupiter.Could you register a SIP, then track external funds, and then cancel/pause the SIP?This should work.

Q: I have reffered my friend. She have joined the Jupiter. created account too. I didn’t received the jewels.
A: Hello Pournima, we are here to help you, and we have reached out to you through direct message to address the issue. Let’s connect there.

Q: Hey there. I’ve got 2 issues.I can’t seem to change my mobile number to my old number. Whenever I try to do it via my Jupiter app, it says that the number is linked to another account (I can assure you that it isn’t linked to any other Jupiter account).Since my Aadhar and PAN are linked to the number I want to change to, it’s very crucial for me that I get my number changed. Due to some health emergencies, I’m trying to apply for a loan which isn’t getting processed because of the discrepancy in my mobile number.I had made Jupiter account my official salary account around 2022. However, sometime around the middle of last year, my company faced some financial issues due to which I didn’t get paid for 3 months. I lost the Salary Pro status of the Jupiter account. But once all that got sorted, I tried reverting the status back via the app. The app always approves the Salary Pro status at that instance whenever I’m doing it but then a day later, it goes back to the normal account status.Even if the Salary Pro status request can’t be completed now, can someone please help me sort the mobile number issue?I’m in a very tight spot so please please help.@Bhoomika_Gowda@Shawnpinto@Bridget_Sabu
A: Hello Namitha,We hear what you are saying. We are connecting with you via DM to have this addressed for you. We deeply regret the inconvenience caused. Thank you.
Oh sure, thank you. Will you be able to reinstall my Salary Pro account status as well?

Q: Can’t open my Jupiter acc it shows ther is an issue in your identity verification because of my camera, which is clear but not fully. Then I tried in another phone nd it says the same thing. Please help me in this. I will give the video verification on another phone clearly so please help me😕.170776602014430677231082702337761920×2560 160 KB
A: @Kuldeep_Rajpurohitplease reach out to the support team on the following email - support@jupiter.money. Only they can guide you on the next steps.
Hello Kuldeep,We hear your concern. We regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to assist you better. Thank you.
Hello Kuldeep,We are happy to let you know that the issue has been resolved. Please feel free to reach back to us if you have any further concerns. Thank you.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Hi,I’m in an urgent need of my cheque book, I cannot have my address updated on the Jupiter app and I had spoken to the chat rep too. I need the cheque book to be delivered on my new address or if possible I can collect from any nearest Federal Bank branch. I need it ASAP kindly help.
A: Hi Shival,We understand your concern, but unfortunately, there is currently no option to edit or modify the delivery address for a chequebook. Rest assured; our team is diligently working on implementing this feature. Once the option to update your address is available, we will notify you through an in-app push notification.We apologize for any inconvenience caused and appreciate your support and patience in the meantime.Thank you.

Q: Is jupiter app working? My app is stuck at loading page after entering Mpin showing taking longer than usual. My internet connection is fine and everything else is working beside jupiter app.
A: Hi!Just checked the app & some team members. It seems fine.@Deveshu_PathakCan you try switching networks, clear the cache, and try again?In times like this, I usually turn on airplane mode and switch it off. The network would reset and get slightly faster.If anyone else is facing this, please let us know in the thread.
Tried Clearing cache, switching networks , switching on and off airplane mode.but it is still stuck on the loading page.Other UPI apps are working fine, its just Jupiter.
Got it, let’s get this checked for you.Reaching out on DMs for more details!
I tried reinstalling jupiter, and now its stuck at verifying your mobile number page
Hello Deveshu,Thank you for connecting with me on the call today. We are happy to see that the issue has been resolved. Please feel free to reach back to us if you have any further queries. Thank you.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: I am getting 1 rupee from razorpay and CAMS. though its only once from both the companies till now. But I want to know why is that?
A: The why would get answered if you a recollect if you have recently used to Jupiter account to sign up for a recurring payment or added to an investment account. Having said that it is recommended that you reach the support team to check if they are able to provide any additional details.

Q: I have been trying to update mobile number on my account from 30+ days but it’s showing some errors without telling actual reason I contacted support it’s going to be month they are still saying to wait more, I can’t change my mobile number please help with it, when I complaint I got mail after so many days that I can update it now but still I’m not unable to do it .IMG_20240204_142752960×1280 124 KB
A: Hello Abhinay.We acknowledge your concern, and we are reaching out to you through direct message (DM) to address this matter for you.Thank you.
Is there any update on whether we can login into Jupiter app by getting otp on emails, because I’m unable to access through sms otp@safwan.ahmed
Hello Shivanshu,At the moment we do not support OTP via emails for mobile verification or login purposes. I have messaged you to understand more about the issue you’re facing on SMS OTP. We shall connect there, thank you.

Q: I made a pot for saving purpose. Added 7k in pot. Sadly the amount deducted and status of payment successful was shown. However the amount of 7k did not reflected in my pot. To eradicate the error i made another transaction of ₹1/- and it reflected immediately. But that ₹7000/- is missing.  Raised a complaint on live chat but didnt get the satisfactory reply. What should i do now?IMG_20240207_133402_939854×1280 102 KB
A: @Rajat_Khannaagree the experience can be concerning. Having said that this could be a temporary technical error. It is recommended you continue to stay connected with the support team via the in app chat & take this to closure.
@yagnesh01Will i get a satisfactory solution to this problem?
Hello Rajat.We hear your concern. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused. We will be reaching out to you via direct message to address and resolve the issue.Thank you for your understanding.
The issue is resolved. The amount is finally reflected in my pot. Thank you for the assistance.
@Rajat_Khannacan you please marked the thread as resolved.
Done
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Hi, I tried to open app to make some payments this morning and the app didn’t open. I was not even shown the biometric page. The app screen had a reload option, but no use. I tried re-installing the app and now I am not even able to login to my account. Unable to proceed further after entering my number.The screenshots of the screen that I was stuck atWhatsApp Image 2024-01-30 at 9.23.39 AM591×1280 14.8 KB
A: @Gokul_Devagree it can be frustrating. However this seems to be a user specific issue. Please report this to the support team either via the in app chat or by sending an email to support@jupiter.money. This will ensure a ticket is assigned to your issue and tracked to closure.
Sure, will try that. Thank You!
Hello Gokul,We acknowledge your concern. We will initiate a direct message (DM) to continue the discussion.Thank you.
I’m also facing same error launching the app, just owns to reload option and nothing happens on force close or reinstall
Hello Prashanth,We hear your concern. We are connecting with you via DM to have this addressed for you. Thank you.
Sure
I am not able to login to the app today as it’s showing reload I have already raised a ticket on the same but had not got any response yet
Hello Anju.We hear your concern. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused. We will be reaching out to you via direct message to address and resolve the issue.Thank you for your understanding.

Q: Screenshot_2024-02-02-14-04-21-47_40deb401b9ffe8e1df2f1cc5ba480b121080×2412 123 KB
A: @Kunalmorereport this error via email to the support team - support@jupiter.money. Include the registered email and phone number in your email.
Hello Kunal,We hear your concern. We are connecting with you via DM to have this addressed for you. Thank you.
I did all the things that customer have to do. But your support team does not cooperate the customer and not the vkyc agent all are rediculus.
Hey Kunal,We acknowledge your concern. We have addressed your query through direct message (DM). Kindly respond to the same for further discussion.Thank you.
Hello I had done my vkyc on Monday but a day later means on Tuesday they Frozen my account even I had completed my vkyc. I had mailed to cybercrime@jupiter.money and after that they are saying "Your account has been Credit frozen due to deficiency observed during your video KYC process. The account shall not be unfrozen due to this deficiency. In case you wish to close your account, Please write to us at Cybercare@jupiter.money ". So what can I do for unfrozen my account. Please help me regarding to this.
@Kunalmoreif there are issues sighted with your VKYC, as of now the only option would be to reach the support team to understand what went wrong. Having said that, it is recommended that you seek a final confirmation from the support if there is any possibility of reviving your account

Q: Mobile Prepaid Recharge not reflected on sim (Airtel)Recharge Done on 12:04 AMWhatsApp Image 2024-02-07 at 01.52.49_529bc5f01065×1600 66.2 KBStill Not Reflected 1:21 AMWhat will happen now ?
A: Call customer support for immediate resolution@Shashvat_Mali
not able to raise a complaint as minimum 24h time is required…
I have faced a similar issue with PayZapp. Was asked not to recharge again for 5 days as that’s the time they needed to trace if the payment was successful.
i contacted the support …they are telling me that it is sbi fault that they didn’t process the recharge…lol …I used their gateway to recharge my account so jupiter should be responsible…

Q: I was getting notifications for the pre approve card, i applied and done the video kyc.Now i got the message card is ready but twist is whenever i try to access it gives the errorIMG-20240129-WA0001899×1599 75.4 KBScreenshot_20240129_091416_WhatsApp1080×2408 141 KBI called, mailed to customer care they are keep fixing the bug from a week.Video kyc is already done hence i escalated to Grievance Officer’s Desk with some hope.Let’s see how much time it willl take to fix the bug.Other hand one of my friend applied Icici and tata neu credit card samd day and able to instantly
A: HahahHope is a not a suitable word for Jupiter and the team, the best way is forget about it and enjoy your life, or apply for some other bank cards, most of them approved within a sec if you’ve existing card Rupay card is instantly generated.
Baigan

Q: Hey, I got a referral from a friend to use this cool banking app but can’t open an account.A week before it was saying that no seats are available and now it’s saying after phone number verification that"Sorry your account couldn’t be created, Profile doesn’t match Jupiter policies!!!Can anyone please help me out?
A: @annmdkPlease DM me your mobile No which you are trying to use to open an account.
@Nikhil_GodboleI am getting same error, i entered Mobile number then pan card, I want to apply for credit card but i don’t have any account
Could anyone help me here, facing the same problem! Tried reaching your support on Twitter but they said it is what it is and deal with it, we can’t open your account.
Hello Kunal,We acknowledge your concern, and we are reaching out to you through direct message (DM) to address this matter for you.Thank you.

Q: Unable to create accountIMG_08251170×2532 128 KB
A: @Sakshi_Shrivastavareport this to the support team via email - support@jupiter.money. Include the email and phone number used for account creation

Q: I’m have a series of messages like the ones in the image below. Can anyone help.me.whag exactly these are and are they something that can be ignored?I know I tried logging my app quite a few times in past few days but unable to do so. Customer care never replies back properly.Help.me.out!Screenshot_2024-02-04-16-54-20-19_0ce57feeccaa51fb7deed04b4dbda2351080×2412 167 KB
A: Please share this with the support team.
It must be the verification SMS automatically sent during the login attempt. I can see the same number in my Messages folder.
Yes. As@razacksaid, these are verification SMS. I also have a few of them in my inbox.I am guessing that your phone is not able to read this automatically and so you may not be able to login to the app.If your phone is Android, you can try giving the Jupiter app permission to read the SMS and try to login again.

Q: From 15th of January and till now I’m unable to login back to my Jupiter’s Salary account. It is associated with Federal Bank on card.Jupiter allows my number and it further goes for federal Bank’s account verification which fails everytime. Now I’m able to receive UPI payment on the registered number but customer service says i have no account from this number. How the hell I’m getting the payments then. Any idea?
A: @Parth_Saxenai do not think the community has any information on this. Recommend you escalate this to the support team via email - support@jupiter.money

Q: Hi,I have a Jupiter account and I needed to change the communication address since I have moved cities, I looked into the app to change the address but there is no option, so I contacted Jupiter Helpdesk, they said address change is currently not possible.Hence today I went to Federal Bank, Andheri East to change my communication address since Jupiter is using Federal Banking services for the saving bank.I was told my Federal Bank that address change is not available for Jupiter account holders, it can only be done for Federal Saving Accounts, we need to contact Jupiter for that, I said Jupiter told me there is no such option with them, I was told by the Federal Bank employee that sorry it is not possible to change the address.I have searched this community for similar topics and have found countless topics opened for the same issue, I don’t understand how a basic feature like address change not available in the app, you have time for features like Pots and Pans but a basic feature like Address Change is not possible for you ?I will unfortunately not be able to use your world class bank app since this simple feature not being available becomes a deterrent, tomorrow if there is some financial issue operating your app, and you ask for identification documents, you will deny solution stating the address do not match with the documents provided and with the address available with your bank. I will be left in a problematic situation.I would like to also suggest other customers not to invest/save your hard earned money in this app, you never know what sort of problems you could face if a simple address change feature is not available, your money could get stuck for good.
A: I asked Jupiter support to update my address. The response I basically got was, “Why do you have to do that? It’s okay, we won’t send you anything.”
The lack of response from anyone from the bank to my post, also shows the level of interest they have in solving this issue.
I’ve just realized this issue for both Jupiter and Fi. Seems like neobanks really are just that; neobanks. Can’t use them reliably. Really disappointing that a simple address change is not possible.It’s baffling that in more than 2 years, Jupiter never thought to add the address change option. Saying ‘limitations at our partner bank’ is just an excuse.

Q: Hi@ShawnpintoFrom today morning, my Jupiter app has not openedIt got stucked at the starting page
A: @Satyajit_SinghI have not faced any issues with the app. Try to reinstall/clear data and check it.
Same, it’s working fine here too.Network issues maybe?
After doing everything, the Jupiter app not openedJupiter App version 1.6.18Samsung Galaxy A52Android 13
Oh, no! Satyajit, please do not be worried. We’ll check and fix the issue for you as early as possible. Let’s connect via DM to discuss this further.Thank you!
Till the time, jupiter app not openedWaiting for a quick solution
Hi@ShawnpintoWhen will be version 1.7.1 rolling out, i am waiting for it, because after updating to Android 13 Jupiter app not opening
What a serious disgust. Today I opened the app and it requested a mandatory update. After that I transferred some money to Jupiter account from my other bank account. After that the app stopped working, everytime said MPIN verification failed. I restarted the app, cleared app cache, deleted app data, uninstalled, reinstalled and every possible rocks turned.Now the app says mobile verification failed ! That too after sending 5 verification sms from my device, in which a couple of times it said Something Crashed and Something is Not Ok !The last account debited already from my other account and have not been credited to Jupiter a/c yet. Seems it’s out for a night ride !Are these sort of updates really required ?
I’m also having a similar kind of problem. Every time I put my mpin the app reverts back to the starting page. re-installing didn’t work.
For mine, it’s taking more time to open though I have good internet connection speed.
Same happened with me after I updated my phone to Android 13, after a hard reset all my apps working fine just the Jupiter says “mobile verification failed” , I tried all the possible things on my end but this is not working for me. Today is 3rd day.
Is it a beta update or stable update?
Stable version.
Then, app supposed to work properly. When I was in beta version of android 13, it shown as “mobile verification failed” in Google pay. After upgrading to stable, everything is fine.
I don’t know what’s going on. I checked on different phone as well but still I got the same error. The worst part is I talked to rep. from jupiter and they asked me to wait at least 3 days. Can’t believe I’m dealing with banking services here. 3 days for this, that means 7 days for this issue. I can’t use my own money and have no other options and will have to wait for more 3 days. I’m done with jupiter now. Better go with the bank which has a branch so that you can vist in emergency to withdraw at least.If this is the support they are gonna provide BIG NO. Just for the sake of cashback and Jewls cannot continue with jupiter. Just waiting for my account to reactivate so that I can withdraw all my funds and then deactivate the account.
Tried to link your Jupiter account by UPI in Phonepe or some app?
Yes, those works fine I can even do normal UPI and debit card transaction, but the amount in pots for that I need the app to work which is not.
Then, you are in a big trouble.
This is the last time I’m using this app. I Know nothing is bug free, but this is a banking app and there is no response as of now, I can’t even imagine what will they do when there is really any emergency, after all this is a very known issue and they have fixed this for few people.I thank Jupiter for teaching me not to trust this so called NEO banks at least as of now. We are still very far behind in terms of support. And you all know finance is one of the sectors whose backbone is support. Even SBI has far better support than Jupiter.Anyone can be in the situation where I’m today.  Any only hope I have as of now is that they will give me at least any response, apart from that I have no option.
Is this Issue has been resolved… Because I too facing this issue for more than 3Weeks

Q: Hi,I have gone through this community post which says that the ipo mandate is not supported on the Jupiter app. The post is almost a year old. Can you confirm if the ipo mandate is supported on the Jupiter app now?UPI Mandate request not received for IPOQnAI was applying for an IPO and entered Jupiter’s UPI ID to confirm the UPI mandate. But have not received any UPI requests. Why?Screenshot_2024-02-02-14-53-23-16_e4424258c8b8649f6e67d283a50a2cbc1080×1346 201 KB
A: Hello Keshav,We hear what you are saying. We would like to let you know that at the moment, you can buy an IPO using a Jupiter account which can be facilitated only if the Jupiter account is linked to the TPAP (Third-Party Application Platform). We trust this addresses your inquiry. If you have any further questions, feel free to reach out to us.
Can’t I use@jupiteraxisas upi id?
Unfortunately, our VPA is not supported at the moment. You may link your Jupiter bank account to any TPAP and make your purchase.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: I have a jupiter csb rupay credit card. I am unable to redeem jewels as i keep getting an errorIMG-20240202-WA00011200×1600 97.5 KB
A: @Vinay_Chhabrait recommended that you report this to the support team. Their email is edge-csb-support@jupiter.money

Q: Can’t able to redeem jewels to Amazon voucher, please help me i have sufficient jewels…
A: @Shushanthplease report this to the support team via the in app chat. This will ensure a ticket number is assigned to your issue and it tracked to closure.
Has your problem resolved. I am also getting an error when i try to redeem

Q: @ShawnpintoI was making payment in swiggy using jupiter upi id on 26 jan. Due to some technical issue that order was not placed. Swiggy has refunded the amount but i did not got refund. On talking to Jupiter customer care they are saying that transaction was made using different bank account in Jupiter so they are not able to track it. But as per swiggy the refund has already done on 26th jan.What should i do?Screenshot_2024-01-26-18-48-46-462_in.swiggy.android1080×2400 164 KBScreenshot_2024-01-26-18-43-40-811_in.swiggy.android1080×2400 207 KBScreenshot_2024-01-26-18-38-03-483_com.google.android.apps.messaging1080×2400 270 KB
A: @Vaibhav_Jainit is recommended that you raise this with the support team. This will ensure a ticket is assigned to your case and tracked to closure.
From my experience the bank account where you receive refunds is the primary account selected for Jupiter UPI even if you paid through some other bank during the transaction.So check with the bank account which is set as primary if it is some other account check for transactions in that banking app. (Although details of the transaction should be there in the Jupiter app as well.)
Upi base transaction refund are always credited to the source bank account from where it was debited
Hello Vaibhav,We regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to have this addressed. Thank you.
Hello Vaibhav,We have helped you with all the details and information via DM. We request you to please check for the same. Feel free to reach out to us if you have any further queries, we are here to help you. Thank you.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: I have been trying to update mobile number on my account from 30+ days but it’s showing some errors without telling actual reason I contacted support it’s going to be month they are still saying to wait more, I can’t change my mobile number please help with itIMG-20240116-WA0015721×1280 52.2 KB
A: Hello Abhinay,We hear your concern. We regret the inconvenience caused while trying to update your number. We are connecting with you via DM to have this addressed for you. Thank you.
Hello Abhinay,We have connected with you via DM with all the details. We request you to please check for the same. Please feel free to reach back to us if you have any further queries. Thank you.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Hi,I applied for Csb edge rupay credit card and after 30 min a got whatsapp notification that card is ready to use.I received a otp and i entered to verify the card activation but suddenly it started to give below error.Today i have done 5 calls ,3 mails and 10 online chat to fix this but it is not fixedIMG-20240129-WA0001899×1599 75.4 KB
A: Reinstalled the app multiple times but no luck
@Ashish_Mishrathis seems to be a bug and in my experience does take about 3-4 business days to get resolved.
Will be great if it can fixedasapThanks
Guys any update, please let me know if it will take more than given time.If yes, then You can reject the card application,  i will not mind but least show on app
Look like nobody cares
@Ashish_Mishraif there are dependencies on the partner bank to address this issue, it may take longer than usual
If it can be fix in 2-3 days fine else reject the application
@Ashish_Mishrai am not from the Jupiter team. Just a community member as you are.
Oh thanks, i thought you are from jupiter team

Q: Hello sirRecently i watched an add about Jupiter then i would like to create an account in Jupiter app. Since then i tried to create an account but app itself showing  " Oops,all seats are taken" can you please clarify me how many days it takes to create an account
A: Hey@Pradeep1Welcome to the communityI suggest you report this to the support team via email - support@jupiter.money. They will reach out to you with an appropriate solution.
Hello I am also facing issue creating an account on Jupiter, I need to create a Salary account however its not happening error "Sorry you account could not be created. Unfortunately this an happen When your profile does not match Jupiters policies. The video did not get uploaded due the application…

Q: @sneh.baxi@JitenHey there hello to the community I have a question why you guys don’t support mobile number change until now even I can’t do it using net banking as you guys don’t support net banking and the home branch is too far away from my home as the main branch of Jupiter money is in Kerela and I am living currently in Assam it’s physically impossible for me to went there for mobile number change now please can you guys have any suggestions regarding this as your competitors fi money support mobile number change and net banking they have even tied up with federal bank why you guys don’t support this kindly please resolve my issue many people in the community want to update mobile number
A: 2 posts were merged into an existing topic:Change Mobile number linked to Jupiter account
Thanks sir waiting for the update
How to change my number
How to change mobile number posan
How to change mobile number
Spaceman has this to say…“Yes, you can change your phone number registered with Jupiter from the account profile page in the App details.”
@PRAMOD_SAKHARKARplease submit the mobile number change request via the app. If you face any issues, please reach out to the support team via in the app chat or via email - support@jupiter.money
@PRAMOD_SAKHARKARWelcome to the community.I hope you have access to the app with your old numberTo navigate to edit the numberSettings > account details > profile tab > Alongside the phone number there will be an edit buttonAlso, please edit your previous post and remove those mobile numbers mentioned.Phone number changeFeedback & IdeasHello! If you need to update your mobile number, you can easily do so by following these simple steps: 

Click on the “three lines./hamburger menu” on the homepage (top left).
Go to “My Profile”
Look for your current phone number and click the ‘Edit’ next to it.
Read the Disclaimer Carefully, accept it and proceed accordingly.

By completing these quick steps, you can update your mobile number associated with your account.
Ok sir
Sir mujhse number change karna hai Jupiter ka
Welcome to the community@keshav_chauhanHope you have access to the old number and can login to the app.To navigate to edit the numberSettings (Hamburger icon on the top left of the home screen) > account details > profile tab > Alongside the phone number there will be an edit button
Sir app open nhi hora wo number band ho gya hai isliye number keise change keise karu

Q: Can anyone from Jupiter tell me why Federal Bank is sending such threatening mails about KYC update all the while Jupiter has absolutely no option of doing re-KYC ??And none of the methods mentioned in the mail work for Jupiter account holders since I’ve already tried them in the past in order to update my address which again Jupiter doesn’t allow !!Screenshot_20230902-192749-8401080×2460 391 KBScreenshot_20230902-1919501080×2460 329 KBIf you look at the screenshots closely, you’ll see that they’re threatening to debit freeze the account if some kind of kyc update or no-change declaration is not done before 12th October.Well, if Jupiter doesn’t take corrective steps, I’m going to go “tada” by the end of September - no way  I’m going to deal with any debit freeze nonsense!
A: @yagnesh01@razack@Aswin_Benny
@Nikhil_GodboleCan you check this out?
@Krishnendu_Chowdhuryi have not received the email as yet. Maybe because I am yet to complete a year with Jupiter.It’s best that Jupiter team gets this checked with the Federal Bank team and provide an update
We’ll I’m about to complete 2 years cometh the end of September!
I am going to complete two years at the beginning of November…But didn’t got any mail like this.Hope Nikhil sir resolve this soon.
Bhailog !!..Work in Progress…Let me check and update…
@Nikhil_Godboleto the rescue
KYC update mandatory for every account holder in some time periods as per RBI guideline , in this case Jupiter is not a bank, the bank is federal Bank.Same type mail I received on Niyox account ( Equtas bank) , when I update the KYC details it’s also updated in Niyox account.But recently when I tried with Jupiter account ( federal Bank) it’s updated in federal Bank database, but not updated in Jupiter account or app.Why this thing happened ?Jupiter is a Neo bank, so I need all access and update done via online, like au small finance Bank and some private bank giving All things do via video call ( video banking services) . Even for doing non kyc account blocked temporarily, it’s called " not sync transaction or transaction not matched with profile data .Please give re kyc or update details option in app inbuilt.
Folks, let’s wait for Nikhil and his team to discuss this with Federal Bank and come back to us with an update.
So generally speaking are customers supposed to do re-KYC every year?Or is there any other specified term for re-KYC.Or is it done from time to time based on Government/RBI directive?
Looking at Jupiter and Fi, it seems we have to do re-KYC in 2 years.
According toRBI guidelines, “periodic updation shall be carried out at least once in every two years for high-risk customers, once in every eight years for medium risk customers and once in every ten years for low-risk customers from the date of opening of the account / last KYC updation.”image560×560 42.6 KB
Thanks@saurabh.s
so for whatever reason, Federal is considering me high-risk
Thank you all for your patience and context around why KYC update is needed.In short, Re-KYC / KYC update is a mandate from the bank as and when requested by the Bank (Federal in our case). Failure to complete the KYC update within the stipulated time can result in blocking of account by the Bank.Steps to update KYC online - (Active Debit Card is mandatory to proceed with this process online)Log in tohttps://accountopen.federalbank.co.in/CustomerPortal/indexEnter your Bank Account NumberYou will receive an OTP on your registered mobile numberThere is a captcha post the above stepSelect KYC upload as the option and follow the next steps of uploading Address and Identify proof.Please note that the uploaded file size does not cross 2 MB.If you receive any error or do not have an active Debit Card associated with the Savings Bank Account, the only way to get the Re-KYC / KYC update done is by visiting the nearest Federal Bank.KYC as a process is under Bank’s jurisdiction and hence, all things related with KYC will be maintained and processed at the Bank’s end only as per the guidelines from the Regulator.
Thanks for the clarification@Nikhil_Godbole. Much appreciated!
Hi Nikhil,Thanks for outlining the process.However when I tried, this after selecting KYC upload in Step 5, it says that card details not found for authentication.Please look into this.Screenshot_20230906-2329071080×2460 91.3 KB
@Krishnendu_ChowdhuryThanks for sharing the screenshots.Will get the team to contact you and assist you further.
What about fi card. Does it work in this situation

Q: I was trying to make payment today in a shop with scanning the QR code but i was unable to scan the qr,It’s showing, your transaction failed due to technical issue, try again after 24hrs,I am trying past 2day still it’s showing same issue
A: Please report this via the in app chat support or sending an email to edge-csb-support@jupiter.money. This will ensure a ticket is raised and the issue is tracked to closure. I faced a similar issue which got resolved after reporting it.
Thanks for sharing, I will try it
@BalajiWe are getting it checked and will revert.
Many are facing this same issue. Since Sunday Jupiter Edge Rupay Card is not working. Not even able to open Credit Card section. When complained, CS executive was telling they have no idea when it will get resolved.
@alanabrahamThank you for your DM.Have shared this with the team and someone will revert by tomorrow.
@Nikhil_GodboleLooking forward towards a prompt resolution. Thank you.
I am facing transaction failure issue with some merchant. I have raised the issue through email but awaiting resolution.
@Nikhil_Godboleno one reverted. It’s 1+ week and Edge Rupay card is not working for scan & Pay. Jupiter can’t resolve this even after a week.
@alanabrahamAs I can see you have already had an interaction with our Chat team today morning.We will get back to you with the details by tomorrow.
Jupiter team is well aware its their technical failure but they r just buying time from customers. I have also raised same concern but really pathetic customer support. What if we miss our payment due, we will be charged interest alongwith bad credit score.
Same problem for my card too. All transaction from the rupay credit card failed for the past 1 week.
I got a call from Jupiter, but they have no idea when it will be resolved. It’s really frustrating to hear that Jupiter doesn’t have any idea to rectify such a serious issue. It’s close to 1 month and not a single progress on payment failure. C’mon, after all it’s a complaint on banking transaction. 1 month and still no idea what to do? Seriously??
Same here cc says they are we’ll aware and promised 3 days for reply, no fix tat available
Hi, we are implementing some checks to improve transaction quality, please share the same with me via DM and we will get it checked.
Still not solved
It’s been over a month and still Scan & Pay is not working. Received a call from customer service 1 week back, which doesn’t resolve the issue.What’s next?
I can update you all that it’s been working after I reported to the Jupiter team about 4 days ago. Thanks for the help@Lizann_Fernandez. Really appreciate that.
@Vivek_Kumar_Jhacan you please mark the thread as Resolved?
1 month plus. Not able to scan & pay. No resolution even after complaining to@Nikhil_Godbole. received couple of useless calls which wasted my time.

Q: I have done a payment yesterday the money has been debited from my jupiter account and the amount is still in processing and not yet credited to the beneficiary…i attach theimage1170×2532 195 KB
A: Hey Mohamed,We acknowledge your concern. We will initiate a direct message (DM) to continue the discussion.Thank you.

Q: Hi Team,I don’t now why my Jupiter account got frozen, I don’t now why, no reason has been given to me please help
A: @arikePlease check for an email from cybercare@jupiter.money for the same.
@arikecan you please mark the thread as resolved?
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Due to some credit card issue i started chat with jupiter customer care team, they asked me to share the screenshot of error.1st issue is you cannot take screenshot on app due to security reasons2nd i have taken photo from other app but cannot put in chat or can say it never upload.Same issue with my someone other Friends also and we was using Samsung m serious phone with updated jupiter app.Please check and fix this bug.
A: In situations where you need to share a screenshot of the error message, it is recommended that you send an email to support@jupiter.money and include all the details there.
@Ashish_MishraI am not sure about the app that you are using. But it is recommended to take the screenshot from another phone.Of course, I am also annoyed that I have to use another phone to get a simple screenshot.

Q: Since last night I have lost the access for my Jupiter mobile app.I had to receive a payment of 336 rupees from my friends bank account, and he processed it last night and the amount was debited from his account and i didn’t receive any message regarding the funds transfer and i can’t even open the application.I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling the application but nothing has changed.What should I do now?
A: @Yazzzwanthpleas report this to the support team via email - support@jupiter.money. This seems to be a user specific issue and hence it should be reported to the support team so that a ticket is created. Also, try and include a video of the issue you are facing. If you are an android user you will need take the video from a different phone.

Q: Screenshot_2024-01-26-20-30-55-22_92460851df6f172a4592fca41cc2d2e6875×1441 41.5 KBAll my transactions are showing twice, what can I do?
A: @itsKeshavit is recommended you report this via the in app chat support to ensure a ticket is assigned to your issue and tracked to closure
Hey, I have found the solution to this,Just go tohttps://revokeconsentlive.finvu.in/Screenshot_2024-01-27-19-05-04-25_e4424258c8b8649f6e67d283a50a2cbc1080×2400 147 KBEnter your registered mobile number, then enter otp.revoke your federal Bank account, then it will be fixed.
@Abhinav_Goyalhttps://revokeconsentlive.finvu.in/
Try deleting & revoking every bank account once, then reconnect, may be this would fix the issue.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Its stuck on logo, tried clearing data, cache and reinstalled the app too but not able to tap on Get started
A: Hai@Saurav_Singh1Welcome to the community.Suggest you to increase/decrease/adjust the Phone font from settings and try again.Can try this method and see if it worksAccount openingBugs@sai_krishna1@Dhruv1The team has come back with a workaround for now while they fix it completely. 
Here’s what they have to say :- Please ask the user to increase his device’s font size a little so that the screen becomes scrollable for him/her. Once the screen is scrollable, on scrolling the arrows will disappear and user will be able to click the next button. 
Please check if you are able to get it past the next button post doing this.

Q: HelloMy debit card is still blocked by fedral bank authority.I already mailed to the bank and iam suffering here for withdrawal.They told me i have to contact with Cybersecurity team.I already contacted them but they are saying solve this issue with a bank.I don’t know what to do.In official website of cybercrime,I entered my number but there is no complaint on my registered number.Requesting you please solve this issue kindly.Thank you
A: Hai@V_A_S_I_K_H_A_NWelcome to the community.Is that a debit card block or account freeze?If it is a debit card block, have you used method like UPI for fund transfer/withdrawal?If you are account is frozen, kindly go through the community threads on Account Freeze, where you will get necessary steps that need to be followed for unfreezing the account.
Hello sirFirst of thank you for responding,Actually my account was frozen by the bank.Due to someone complained about illegal activity or transactions.Because that i mailed to the fedral bank (investigations@fi.care) They told me to contact with criminal complaint authorities.I contacted them after that but they told me to contact with a bank.Because they don’t have any complaint about my registered number. So after that i again try to mailed with a bank but no response from them.So please help me out of this because of that iam not able to withdraw my money.Thank you
Hai@V_A_S_I_K_H_A_Ncould you please confirm whether the complaint is related with Jupiter account or fi account?Am confused since you have mentioned fi’s mail (not federal bank’s) under your previous post.
Its showing on both accounts sirIMG_0511.jpg1284×2778 273 KB
@V_A_S_I_K_H_A_NSince Federal Bank is the banking partner for both Jupiter and Fi, both your accounts may be blocked. Some of the other community members have also reported the same earlier.I think you need to sort it out in both Neo Banks.Please go through the community posts on account freeze and you’ll be able to take further action. Keep your patience - it’s going to be a long road.

Q: Need lonHelp sir
A: Hai@Mahavir_KashyapWelcome to the community.I hope this query is related to Loans.If yes, you can check the ‘Loans’ tab on the Jupiter app and can apply for either Mini Loans which need to be paid within 30 or 45 days or can look for longer tenure loans and can convert to EMIs, provided that you meet the eligibility criteria.

Q: Now days jupiter customer support doing miss behave with us.The castomer care told me , you will get an update within 3 days , 5 days gone no  update come in my issue.My “debit card delivary status update”  issue is going more than 6 month , but no update come .Jupiter also promises with one time debit card fees. But thay forget their word.I have no word to jupiter how thay provided bad customer support, also fake promises .@Jiten
A: Hello Ritam,This is not the experience we wished for you to have. We are connecting with you via DM to have this addressed. Thank you.

Q: Hi Team,I can’t able to open my Jupiter application. It’s showing the starting screen I can’t able to press the get started option.I tried to uninstall and cleared the catches and everything but still it in issue. I am facing things problem from past 3 days.Kindly assist urgently.Regards,parwesh Basha
A: @Parwesh_Bashaplease share with the support team. Their email address is support@jupiter.money

Q: i had lost my number linked with aadhar card but i need to create salary accountfor company could u arange me ofline kyc
A: @rajesh25csCurrently, we don’t have a facility to do offline KYC.
Then is there any alternate option
@rajesh25csIt’s a digital Bank account and it needs your phone number to be active. I would suggest you link your new number to your Aadhaar and try onboarding again as I can see that there is no account opened for you in Jupiter.Please try onboarding after 7 days of linking your new mobile number to Aadhaar. If you get an error while onboarding, please let us know.

Q: I have started a mutual fund sip through upstox mutual funds, and I need to approve e mandate. There are two options to verify the customer details, either through debit card or internet banking. Since net banking is not available when it comes to jupiter, I chose debit card. But it is faling,  sometimes showing invalid debit card.
A: I dont think jupiter supports that feature currently.
That’s a shame. I hope they quickly introduces the feature as soon as possible.
Yes
Do we have this feature live now? My Jupiter account is salary account. And I need to complete e mandate for my personal loan. I can’t do via net banking and if I choose debit card, it’s showing invalid. Is there a solution for this?
@Anand_Kumar_Kif you have set up your federal bank online account, I could give it a try if that works.

Q: What to do my pots is showing this error for past 1 week I tried uninstalling and reinstalling still it shows the same I emailed to Jupiter support toIMG_7705640×1136 66.5 KB
A: @BALAJI_ARRthis unfortunately seems to be user specific issue. Please report this via the in app chat. This will ensure a ticket is opened for your case and tracked to closure
@BALAJI_ARRCan you check this once again and let us know if it still persists? Thanks!

Q: Jupiter money need to update our mobile number change softwareUploading: IMG-20240119-WA0009.jpg…
A: I tried many times change mobile number but present software didn’t work properly

Q: I am writing to bring to your attention an issue I am currently facing with changing my phone number on the Jupiter app.When attempting to update my phone number, the app indicates that my desired number is already associated with another account. I suspect this may be the same number I tried to use when initially creating my account. Unfortunately, at that time, I encountered difficulties with Aadhar verification, preventing the successful creation of the account.Since then, I have successfully created an account using a different phone number.Previously, I had initiated the account opening process using a phone number that I could not complete due to Aadhar verification issues. Consequently, that previous account remains incomplete and half-baked.Now, as I am trying to switch my currently opened account’s phone number to that previous phone number which is linked with my bank accounts and Aadhaar card, the app indicates that my desired number is already associated with the incomplete KYC account which I did not open yet and now not even allowing me to proceed with the further with that account also.Could you kindly guide me on how to delete or resolve the half-baked account associated with my previous phone number?Your prompt assistance in addressing this matter would be highly appreciated. I look forward to your guidance.
A: Hai@Rahul_ParmarYou can use the chat option on the app for a quick response. Also, you can create a support ticket by mailing this issue to support@jupiter.moneyTagging@Nikhil_GodboleSir too
@razackI have mailed this issue already. And talked with customer support as well. I am very disappointed by their answer on this issue. They straightly denied me that there is no such thing now they can do to disable my half-baked KYC number to be removed from your database. That is why I have raised the issue here in the community. No bank can deny changing the number to another number I do not know what is this new policy that is not allowing me to change my basic phone number. If its a bug please do fix that.It is very frustrating.Kind Regards.@Nikhil_Godbole
@razackhey team, any updates on this one.
Hi Rahul,We acknowledge your concern. We’ve reached out to you through your registered email, and we’ve had a discussion about it. We’ll provide you with updates on the same.Your support and patience during this time are highly valued.Thank you!
I have the same issue. First they didnt resolve my issue over email now they are not allowing me to change my no.
I truly appreciate your dedication to ensuring a smooth experience for your users. The level of professionalism and commitment to customer satisfaction demonstrated by you and the team at Jupiter has left a lasting positive impression on me.So for the solution, they deleted one of my phone numbers which was stuck in between because of the half-backed process. And then I was able to change the phone number to that one from my current number.
How you deleted that number which stuck in between.I called but they told me that the feature is comming soon, plz help me.
@ShawnpintoI faced the same issue but I was unable to change my number, can I change my number now?
It looks like complaining continuously and wasting time is the only way to solve this issue
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: IMG-20240119-WA00021600×693 170 KBMy app says to maintain 20k to continue Pro. Since when has it been changed to 20k from 10k?Asked the support about this and they said it’s still 10k. Is this a bug or an intended change?
A: @ShawnpintoRequest your help in getting this checked with the team that manages Pro Account offering
@Abdur_RahmanNothing wrong here, but yes, the messaging needs to be better. Here’s how it needs to be read for now.Today is 19th Jan, if you are unable to maintain >20k until end of this month, your Pro status will be downgraded as the Monthly NRV will drop below 10k.This message only gets triggered when you are not able to maintain NRV of 10k. The amount which needs to be maintained in order to retain the Pro status will vary based on Customer.In order to retain the Pro Status, you will need to deposit 22900 today and maintain the same until the end of the month.

Q: I am trying to change mobile number for past 6 months, now I come to know it is impossible.I want to close my Jupiter account, how to close my Jupiter account?I can’t use the registered number anymore.
A: You can send a closure request to support@jupiter.money.I Kindly suggest you to edit the previous post since it contains personal information.Have you contacted Shawn here with the details regarding mobile number change issue?
Yes I contacted no update.
@Hemnath_Mplease share the ticket number along with the responses received from the support team with@Shawnpintovia DM. He will get you connected with the right team.
Ticket ID-(1951125).
@Shawnpintorequest your help on this one.
Thanks for letting me know@yagnesh01@Hemnath_MThe team would get this checked and connect with you.
If phone number can’t be changed is there any alternate why for login?
Like with email?
@Hemnath_MUnfortunately, at present there is no other option like login via email. You need mobile number to verify your account details, if you are logging in after installing the app (or after clearing the app data).
ABDUL RAZACK K P:You can send a closure request to support@jupiter.money.Account closure request can only be made on chat in the app. They do not accept account closure request through any other means.
What to do if phone changed in federal bank but not in Jupiter app?
Ideally that shouldn’t be done. There is very little information available on the reverse integration and exchange of information. To get this issue resolved, you will have to work very closely with Jupiter support (May be via emails)
In my case phone number can’t be changed?I can’t use registered number with Jupiter.
That is indeed a very tricky situation. Shawn shared your issue with the concerned team 2 days ago. Have you received a response from that team?
I got no response.
Is Federal Bank account linked Mobile number can’t be update by any branch ? Or federal atm ?Can we request for account closure by any branch of Federal Bank ?
Sani, as of now the only information available is to get In touch with Jupiter support for any account related activities including closure. Will Federal Bank entertain any of these requests is unknown.
On talking anything about Jupiter account with Federal Bank, Federal Bank replies that contact Jupiter, they do not have access to any information related to Jupiter account. I did not talk to Federal Bank branch regarding change of mobile number and account closure as there is no branch of Federal Bank in my area.
Hey Manish,We hear your concern. We shall connect with you over a DM and discuss this further.Thank you!

Q: I am warning to all Jupiter members who have a fixed deposit in jupiter(federal bank). Specially who are thinking of a secure credit card with fd through jupiter.Now, the matter is-I booked a fd of 30K in May 2023 in jupiter. At that time i only have idfc wow card so i thought to take a credit card against my deposit in federal bank as it will boost my credit score. So recently due to hospitalization of my grandmother we are facing some financial problems so i have to close my card so i proceed to close card, cleared all due, raised request to close the card and card closed today. Then i tried to break my deposit through jupiter but it’s failed.Then 1st i contacted Federal Bank team as i used federal bank Signet Credit card so i called them and they said you have to cantact jupiter team but again i tried to convince the same person that i took card from federal bank, they marked lien so what is the role of Jupiter here ? They said no you have to contact jupiter team.Then i contacted jupiter team, explained all things then jupiter csa also agreed with me that if you used egde visa or egde rupay card then it’s our matter but as it’s federal bank card so it’s lien marked by their end.Then i again contacted Federal Bank and explained all things happening they verified all details and they clearly said i can see your fd lien marked by jupiter team and mentioned reason is ‘NA’.Now i need help. I am not gonna use customer care number they will tell the same for sure or not gonna use help section.I am gonna visit federal bank branch Monday if the problem still exists. If the problem solved by jupiter team in mean time then no problem i am good.And if still exists then no option left rather than RBI ombudsman.And i have all the required call recordings of both side.If any jupiter member thinking the same that to get a secured card of federal bank using deposit booked through jupiter ( i think I’ve seen some one who asking if it’s possible to get federal bank secured card using jupiter fd earlier) please don’t do it.@Shawnpinto@Nikhil_Godbole
A: @Surojit_GhoshTeam is looking into the same and will revert.
Thank you
That’s the main problem with this fintech companies if you face any problem you will be tossed between two entities.Hope your issue gets resolved soon.
Guess there is a big problem with integration between the products and service providers.
Any update? Or ETA ?
Update:Lien mark removed
LTF for Users who on boarded after april 2023.
Your FD not marked lien for signet credit card, they have not linked with each other.Maybe it’s happening because of any technical glitches of Jupiter.
@saniLien is marked by the bank and not Jupiter.Also, the concerned had opted for a Credit Card (Secured) from the bank and not a co branded card from Jupiter.
Can l get OD or secure credit card against Jupiter FD ( as a security deposit) directly from Federal Bank ?
@saniUnfortunately, we don’t have that information with us.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: IMG_69081125×2436 126 KB
A: @RAKESH_PARMARfor this you will need to touch base with the support team. Please send them an email on support@jupiter.money

Q: Hi? Has there been a change in UI? I can’t find pots anywhere in the app!
A: Go to money tab > networth sectionThere will be pots listed in your networth click on that. Then you can access pots and super pots.
Thanks!
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Is there any way i can have metal credit card
A: Can expect it soon for everyoneAt present, Any Salary account holder whose salary credit on Jupiter >= 2L per month will be eligible for a free Metal Debit Card.
You mean for savings account holders!
@MAHILALWe’re working on an offering where you can upgrade your Debit Card into a metal one.It’s currently in the works
Nice
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Is there anyone who is facing an issue with the credit card section on the app? Like it’s loading and then not responding. I am unable to see my card details andThe “View card details “and “reward” none of tabs working.It has been over 3 days although there’s no issue with credit card functionality it’s working on other apps like paytm to make purchases.
A: This seems to be a user specific issue. Would urge you to report this to the support team via the in app chat so that a ticket is assigned to take your issue to closure
Done that, the support team seems pretty unbothered and doesn’t look like they’re doing anything about it.
Hi@shivammandal, are you still facing this challenge?Let’s connect over DM to sort this out for you
Hi! I have shared the details with you please check.Thanks for looking into this.
Same here. Using IOS…
Update: The team reached out to me earlier this morning and they have fixed it now in 4 hours.Thanks to you all.
yes i m also facing same issue
my still the same
Hi@sachin1, can you reach us out through chat support? We’ll get it checked for you.

Q: I have reached you guys many times via call and email regarding my issue. Now that I know one thing that there is no way for you guys to identify an account holder other than using his phone number which questions on why I should trust my pot funds to someone who doesn’t have a proper way to authenticate a customer even when biometrics and video verifications and lots are available.I had got my phone stolen on Dec 13 and along with it, I lost my sim which was registered under my sister’s name and she is abroad right now. So I couldn’t get a duplicate of it. I went to the nearest federal Bank and updated my phone number over there and I had filled the email address registered on the form. They said I’d get access to Jupiter in 24hrs. Now that I am trying to login to my Jupiter, it shows a message that “the email is address is registered to another number (old number)”. I reached out to your customer support via call and chat number of times which I found to be a complete waste of time and energy. I had no issue with updating phone number at Kotak Mahindra which is my salary account. Why do you guys have no way of verifying an existing user other than phone number? I even got my Pan card and aadhar updated while you guys still have trouble sorting my issue out. Not even a ticket numbe was raised even after reaching out so many times. How can I trust someone like you when I have my savings pot stuck inside it? Is there no way for your system to authenticate an existing customer other than using phone number? Wow… explains a great lot of security in keeping the money inside the account, heh!
A: Hello Rohan,We acknowledge your concern. The situation you’ve described is not reflective of the experience we aim to provide, and we sincerely apologize.To ensure we promptly address the matter, we will connect with you via DM to seek your registered details to assist further.
@Rohan_R_KrishnanIf it helps… your sister can give a letter to authorize you to take her SIM. The customer care personnel will have a video call with your sister to verify her identity and then issue the SIM with your ID proof. A proof for residence abroad should also be provided by your sister.I have done this on Airtel for my friend’s mobile number.Also I suppose the mobile number being used for verification may be cheaper & efficient for Jupiter. And that’s why they may have designed their systems and processes around the mobile number verification. Of course they should have taken precautions for these kind of scenarios.
Hi,Well, I have already made changes in my other banks and even government id proofs. It’s just Jupiter who has these security issues. Let them sort this out.
Yes. I can understand. Jupiter is the odd one out.

Q: Got my RuPay virtual credit card activated (physical card is OTW) but facing some issues:Not able to activate UPI on any other UPI payments app like CRED or PayZappGoogle Pay doesn’t even have CSB on the list of banks so I can’t even add it as a card (low-key scary and fishy)When entering the details into CRED or PayZapp, they’re not able to identify it correctly. CRED saw it as Bank of America card (had to manually change it to CSB) and PayZapp saw it as a Discover cardCould this be due to the pending activation of the physical card? Even if so, why is CSB not in the list of official banks supporting RuPay?
A: I think the edge rupay card is cobranded with discover network for international transaction support (as rupay works in India only). So software for some apps are not updated yet to identify cobranded cards correctly.Google pay and other UPI apps will add CSB bank later on with an update. As it is very new to the market.
If the card has to work as a RuPay card within India, what’s the solution then? Cannot be that I’m constrained to use it solely with Jupiter appEspecially if it’s being identified as a Discover card.
I think there is an option in BHIM app to add csb bank rupay cards ( I left using BHIM app a while back so not 100% sure but you can check that out) should be there.
Yes. There is an option to add CSB bank credit card on BHIM app
Yep I see CSB bank listed in BHIM. Guessing it’s an app issue then, hopefully other apps update their lists soon.Will try linking the card once I get the physical card activated and get back. There seems to be some issue with the virtual card PIN. When I tried to link the card on BHIM it prompted me to set a new UPI PIN (which shouldn’t be the case right since I already set one in Jupiter app?)
No issues whatsoever, this was smooth process here. Some apps don’t have listed csb bank credit card for linking yet. Don’t worry. Most of reward can only be collected from Jupiter app itself.
Even I have set the credit card pin. Not UPI pin.
@razackdid you get any communication from csb or Jupiter on email? I haven’t got anything on email.
After activating and using your virtual card for the first time, you might receive a welcome email from Jupiter with the subject line‘Welcome to the Edge CSB Bank RuPay Credit Card experience!’
Haven’t received that.
I have faced this with PayZapp when trying to add my Tata Neu card. Even when the pin was set, I was prompted to set the UPI pin
[Update] I was able to add my card as a UPI card on both CRED and PayZapp. Turns out they didn’t have a straightforward method of adding these cards. Was also able to do it on BHIM as y’all suggestedGoogle pay will still need to update their list (too slow)Apologies for the extreme skepticism earlier
Have fun using it. Me waiting for the VKYC bug to get resolved. Vikram has confirmed many of us are impacted by this bug. So fingers crossed.
As far as I know almost every rupay card has a discover Collab for them to work on internationally
Im facing issue while payment through upi , it is showing this payment is declined by your bank. What should i do now
If this is the edge Rupay card, report this to the customer service on the following email - edge-csb-support@jupiter.money.

Q: Hi!Today I tired to open an account on the Jupiter app, after verifying phone number and providing PAN number, I was stuck on a page where it says " Oops! Alll seats are taken. We’ll notify you once we’ve found you a seat." Then I tired to reach out to customer support ; they told me to contact them via app by clicking on the small headphone like icon on the top-right side of the screen. But there’s no such icon anywhere on the screen. I replied the same to them, already been more than an hour but I’m yet to get any answer from them.Any suggestions what should I do now?Thanks
A: Welcome to the community@DashI suggest you raise a support ticket by mailing to support@jupiter.money.Also, you can DM your details to@Nikhil_Godbolesir
I have already raised a support ticket
Then I suggest you to share (support ticket number) the same with Nikhil sir
I wasn’t giving a ticket numberScreenshot_2023-12-24-09-24-27-201080×3933 211 KB
My issue is still unresolved
@Dashplease share the ticket number over here
@DashPlease try after 2nd Jan. It should work
@Nikhil_GodboleNot working
@DashThe issue will be resolved today. Please try tomorrow.
@DashCan you please try it once more ?

Q: I have been trying to create a new jupiter account for the past few weeks but it always gives me the all seats are taken issue.I have reached out to support but they say that i reached out to them with an unregistered email address. But I can’t register my email because the app doesn’t let me reach the email registration step.If would be helpful if someone helps me with this.Ticket#2899886@Shawnpinto
A: Welcome to the community@manish_744Please DM@Nikhil_Godbolesir
@manish_744Please DM me your mobile no used at the time of onboarding

Q: This is a pathetic service from Jupiter Investment MF.I invested my emergency fund of 85k in Quant MF via Jupiter. Now, the dashboard is not showing that investment. When I raise the support request they keep on saying our team is working we will update you soon. It has been three days, and the same response.I initially thought service and application were damn good but my opinion has been changed.With this, I never suggest to anyone to do investment via Jupiter
A: When you contacted the support team, was a ticket# shared with you?
I didn’t get a ticket. It’s chat with open state
It’s been 4 days still the issue didn’t resolved
It’s been 7 days still the issue hasn’t been resolved.
Hello Mohan,Our team connected with you on call. Thank you for confirming that the issue has been resolved. We are also happy to inform you that your portfolio has also been successfully updated. Once again, we extend our sincere apologies for any inconvenience caused.
I do
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Few months mack Jupiter UPI was very fast in merchant payments (Via QR code payment). As this was very convincing I started using it regularly (daily to go app).Now a days ( past 1 month) its UPI is very slow(not network issue). Literally It makes me feel pissed off. very worst experience than other payments.[ After scanning UPI code app is dead, no response all of sudden I have to close app and open again. I will try again doing the same steps- this is in loop]Now my merchant payment are done through other UPI.Please fix it, otherwise I will close my Jupiter account@Jiten
A: 

Q: I am trying hard to create a Jupiter account. It’s says all seats are taken,I have already sent an email to Jupiter support haven’t got any response from them  help me find a way
A: @Abhijeet_bhartihave you received a ticket number which come as a response to the initial email that is sent to the support team.
I haven’t received any email so far

Q: Issue your UPI account could not be set upI created the saving account and when I was on add UPI money to your account I am getting this errorIMG_08961179×2556 122 KB
A: @Harjotplease report this to the support team via the in app chat or via email. The support email address is support@jupiter.money

Q: UPI payment done by me but merchant didn’t receive amountMerchant pressures meBut no money I have right nowIt’s seriously emergency situationPls help me out team Jupiter
A: Hai@ProSuggest you to use the chat option on the app for a quicker response.Further, you can create a support ticket by mailing this issue support@jupiter.money and share the ticket id here
Hello Pronadeep,We hear what you saying. We deeply regret the inconvenience caused. We are connecting with you via DM to have this addressed for you.
App replying me same

Q: I am trying to open an account in Jupiter first of all i faced rejection issues after telling them on Twitter they told to me to do kyc verification it was unlocked when i opened the app then i did kyc but everytime i am doing facing issues lastly it showed me I can’t open account in Jupiter due to kyc issues.very bad experience i ever had.
A: 

Q: I am an android user and jupiter app is showing “something snapped and please try after sometime ” error while trying to take loan I have tried clearing app cache and data and also updated the app but no luck.
A: It would be better to send an email to support@jupiter.money along with details whether you were trying for the personal loan or mini loan etc…  and also you can paste the ticket ID here
A$w!n~Benn¥:support@jupiter.moneyOk sure i wil send the mail
Here i am attaching the ticket ID,#2855664
The issue is not resolved yet.
This is a user specific issue. The app is working fine as now.
I’m having the same ‘something snapped’ issue from today while opening the app. I guess some maintenance is going on.
The app is working fine… i have no complaint about the remaining working of the app… the problem is only for the specific feature i already mentioned. “This is a technical issue” said jupiter techical assistant team and asked me to wait until 5 working days… yesterday the 5 working days over and still i am facing the issue… please try to understand what is the problem.
@universe@Deepakkvwhat you’ll need to understand i did mention this is a user specific issue. I acknowledge each of you is facing a challenge in using the app and its services (either all the features or a specific feature).Raising issues with the support team and following up with them as the ideal way to report the issues and getting them resolved.Make no mistake, it’s not that I don’t face challenges or bugs with my app experience. The only difference is under the guise of giving feedback i do not keep ranting about the issues i face. I follow a simple mindset - my issues may not be everyone’s issues and it makes absolutely no sense to keep influencing everyone’s opinion about the services especially new users who also depend on the community platform to form their perception.

Q: After filling my details,I stuck on the review your profile window.There is next button at the bottom of it where I am stucked it is not working
A: Hai@Dhruv1Welcome to the community.Suggest you to mail to support@jupiter.money along the sufficient attachments (screenshot/image) to create a support ticket.After, kindly share the ticket ID here.
@universecan you please the ticket number here?
Well, I am sure you are extremely busy. But a ticket number would have helped reduce the lead time i requesting someone to look into your issue.@Nikhil_Godbolerequest your help in getting someone from the team look into this.
How can I get ticket I’d?
Report this issue to the support team via email. You will receive a response with the ticket number
Ticket ID 2875137
@Nikhil_Godbolerequest you to have someone from the team look into this.
@Dhruv1Team is checking. Will update
@Dhruv1Can you try again ? We have fixed the journey.
it’s the same.I am still stuck there
@Dhruv1Could you please DM me the error screenshot.
Check the next button at the bottom which is not workingIMG_20240102_140532.jpg692×1160 92.6 KB
Try doing the same with 3 button navigation instead of gesture navigation (it is available in android settings). Maybe it will work.
@Dhruv1Engineers are checking this. Will keep you posted
Same issue here
Still not working with 3 button navigation
@Dhruv1Are you able to scroll down further on that screen ?
No
No

Q: When I open my Jupiter account it shows something snapped in pot section also when I try to open support section same thing shows. But I can check all my bank balance and other work easily in Jupiter. I have a very important payment have to done by tomorrow morning. If things goes like this my everything will finished. I have serious trust issues in Jupiter now !! Please help me what can I do now
A: I am also facing the same issue, the app seems to be not working now. Is there any maintenance going on or is this a new bug or something?
update!now there is a message in the app saying that there will be maintenance services between 11:30pm to 1:30AM
Some tech activity going on. Should be fixed in next 30 min.Extremely sorry to have put you all through this situation.

Q: Please help me… this is my salary account. I am not able to open my Jupiter account after reinstalling… it is showing mobile number not verified, though i am using the same number… please help asap
A: Currently maintenance services going on between 11:30pm to 1:30AM.In case of any urgency, u can use federal net banking.
Some tech activity going on. Should be fixed in next 30 min.Extremely sorry to have put you all through this situation.

Q: Have requested for mobile number update and it got updated have linked my other bank account… day later it offten shows mobile number updated initiated pls check back later…Got any bright ideas? Share away!
A: image1150×2048 63.3 KBAre you getting the same error page as shared by Younus?If so, please raise a support ticket by mailing to support@jupiter.money and share the ticket ID here
yes it the same error.
I am facing the exact issue after updateing the mobile and my FI account also stop working because of this

Q: I am being asked to contact support for mobile verification for the past 3 days.When I open the app, it asks to send a message to verify my mobile.Once I send, I get the below errorimage1284×2778 157 KB
A: Hai@kasinaat007, Welcome to the communityPlease make sure you have a working sms plan.I suggest you create a support ticket by mailing this to support@jupiter.money and share the ticket id here.
Kasinaat Selvi Sukesh:I am being asked to contact support for mobile verification for the past 3 days.When I open the app, it asks to send a message to verify my mobile.Once I send, I get the below errorimage1284×2778 157 KB@razackThere is no issue with the SMS plan or Service ProviderThe ticket id is#2877836.
Tagging@Nikhil_Godbolesir

Q: I am unable to proceed further, it is keep on showing likeopening your savings account, this usually take less than 2 minutes.
A: @gadipelliHave you tried resetting the app?If yes, let me link@Nikhil_Godbolefor further assistance. Thanks@Nikhil_GodboleSir.
No, but finally it is showing likeimage_123650291.JPG1170×2532 186 KBI think I found the issue, how can i go back and re enter or correct the details again?
@gadipelliOur partner Bank has declined this onboarding. Nothing much can be done in this case.
I already created but after this number create problem please unblock this number create account

Q: money was successfully debited from my other account but didn’t get credited in my Jupiter account tried to reach the chat support in-app its been more than 30 mins no chat expert connected there
A: even called support as soon as I select the option to talk to an expert the call got disconnected automatically…this happened 3 times now
Have you used UPI for transactions?There are other users also reporting similar issues with UPI. If so then most probably the money will be refunded within 3-5 days.
I transferred 2000 from my other account to jupiter account through UPI. The money was debited from that account but it didn’t get credited to my Jupiter account.
this sort of information should be provided by chat support, I am still waiting for a response from their end but no reply.
I am also having the same problem.
Hi@Sai_CharanWas this resolved for you?

Q: So about two months ago, I changed my mobile number through the Jupiter Bank app. The number changed successfully and the UPI ID began reflecting my new number.However, UPI transactions, both incoming and outgoing, started failing. I contacted support, they asked for 48 hours, then got in touch and asked for details I had already given them in writing. I had to do this whole charade at least 10 times in the intervening period. Every time i had to start explaining from scratch, none of the support people bothered to read the original complaint.Then they asked me for screenshots. Which their app does not allow. So they asked me to take a video of the screen from another phone. Which is dumb, considering I gave them exact issue details and the exact error message. But I did it anyway. After that, over the next few weeks, they asked me to do several things such as logout and login, delete app cache and data, uninstall and reinstall app, and practically everything else, and they asked me to take the stupid videos from another phone every time. Because they didn’t trust my reading skills, perhaps.I did every freaking thing they said, NOTHING worked. As of today, I can login to my bank, my UPI ID is visible, but I cannot add any accounts. If I try to link my Jupiter / Federal Bank, it just says “Partner server error” in a purple box. If I try to add other bank accounts, it reaches the last stage and then says “There was an issue with this transaction” in a gray box. They asked me for videos of this too, and I sent that as well.Now for the past two weeks, they just keep telling me they’re “escalating” the issue with all the “stakeholders”. Nothing else. It has been two months with zero progress. Mind, every time i get in touch, they ask me to tell them what the issue is again, and they ask for videos of the errors again.The absolute dumbest part about this whole mess is that my Jupiter / Federal account is fully functional for UPI on GPay, PayTM and Samsung Pay. Their own app isn’t accepting their own account, or any other account for UPI or spend tracking. No less, the fact that i can’t even try reverting back to my old number, because they only allow you to change mobile numbers once in a year.For the past week, all i get in reply is the “escalating” nonsense. I have given up hope, and am killing my jupiter account. They’ve probably escalated this to god himself by now, with no resolution in sight.A word of advice. Jupiter is buggy garbage. Skip it.Feedback to Jupiter:This is not how you run a bank.The mobile number change limitation is stupid.If you’re going to ask for screenshots and videos every time i put in a complaint, remove the idiotic screenshot restriction from the app.Your chat support is buggy garbage too. The longer a conversation goes on, the more the dumb thing lags. At this point, a word i type in chat takes about ten seconds to show up on the screen. I think you’re doing this intentionally to dissuade people from using chat support.Bye bye.
A: @Nikhil_Godbolewould request your help in getting this checked.
@sidWe are very sorry to have put you through this.Please allow me some time to go through the details and get back to you with the next steps.
It’s is really worst seems no action taken as I am also facing same scenario currently.

Q: Hello every one i m bhanu sharma a old user of jupiter bank ,i joined this bank i 2019 that time i think that its a good bank for me but with in a 6 months of 2019 i got a small issue related to my upi transaction of rs 800 i used to raise a ticket but no response ok i left it but after a month i faced 4 issues related to my upi transaction same thing was happened of rs 2000,rs 347,rs 100,rs 3350.bank took 3 months but no response just only said sorry .in year 2021 ,in all 365 days i tottal got 19 payment issues but no response in year 2022 i faced total 46 transaction issues .and in 2023 9 transaction issues and 4 cheque isues.in overall i thank to jupiter bank for that kind of cheap services u have done a great job with the help of my money u provide salary to your staff .but i told u now its my turn i will took legal action bythe help of rbi and show u peoples the road graph .interesting part of total conversation my cibil is 743 and the bank told me no loan offer .Bhanu prakash sharmaVery deeply disappointed client of jupiter bank .Suggest to all who view my reviews plz left that bank its not a bank its a frauders.strong text
A: 

Q: I have transferred 2000 from my other account to Jupiter account. But it was not credited to my Jupiter account although it was debited from my other account.
A: If the transaction has failed in the back end, the money get reversed within 2-3 business days. Check with the source bank. If the transaction is successful, share the transaction details with the Jupiter support via the in app support or send them an email on support@jupiter.money

Q: Help, i am unable to create my savings account. I provided all my info in the app and when it tried to verify my mobile number to federal bank, its stuck on an error message saying “Mobile verification Failed, we are facing some issue with out partner services. Please try again later”. Ive been trying this since morning and its still showing this error.i checked that all of them messages were sent successfully by my mobile, looks like a problem from server side, please fix this.
A: @lpanxzplease try again and if you continue to face this issue, try again on or after 2nd Jan 2024. If you still face an issue, send an email to support@jupiter.money

Q: Is there any maintenance going on today ?All of my UPI transactions are failing. Debit card worked though.
A: Welcome to the community@abhishekbhakatAs I can see there were some issues with UPI yesterday. Also, couldn’t find any downtime notification on the app.Cant create accountHelp@Savitha_CAccount is already created. Please try to setup UPI after 2-3 hours. There is some downtime going on.Tagging@Nikhil_GodboleSir. Hope he can confirm.
@abhishekbhakatCan you check again. Payments are going through.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Money not credited to bank acc
A: Please urgent resolution needed
@AbhraneelWelcome to the community.Suggest you to use the chat option on the app for a quicker response.Also, you can create a support ticket by mailing to support@jupiter.money.

Q: According to the email I got on upgrading my account into salary account, I got to know that if your salary is greater than 2 lacs then you will also get metal debit card but issue is that I haven’t got metal debit card till now whereas my salary is greater than 2 lacs and credited into my Jupiter account every month. Kindly help me and deliver metal debit card which is free and complementary in salary account.
A: Same issue with me
@Shawnpintowill help you.
I think metal debit card was an exclusive offer for some time in the past only.
Hai@LordKrishnaWelcome to the CommunityThis shouldn’t have happened.I suggest you to use the chat feature on the app for a quick resolution.Also, you can either mail the issue tosupport@jupiter.moneyor contact the customer care at 08655055086 (available 9am - 9pm)@jhaa00289I don’t think so. Still I can see it under the exclusive offer/benefit section of opening a Salary account on the app. Further, it is still mentioned under the FAQ section of Opening Salary account
But I don’t think that anyone has got this except some few  people.
Metal Debit Card is hype they create to attract valuable customers to make Jupiter their first preference. But the truth is they are not even providing Metal Debit cards, they have stopped it but still making us visible in their Faq about the metal debit card. It is a false promise.
Hai@chandrakant_chauhanWelcome to the communityIntro-2524×1092 47.6 KBAny Salary account holder whose salary credit on Jupiter >= 2L per month will be eligible for a free Metal Debit Card.So, if you are eligible, I suggest you to use the chat option on the app or mail the same to support@jupiter.money for further updates.You can refer this thread for more, where it clearly mentions to DM Jupiter Team if a user is eligible.Salary Account RevampNews from JupiterHey folksI’m Kush, part of the Salary Account team here at Jupiter 
We’re back with another upgrade! 
Our salary account offering got on a whole different level and we would like to show what’s in store for you. 
[salary-account-spotlight] 
But first… 
  The backstory  
We started a thread sometime in November 2021 for understanding ‘how one uses their salary account’ -Salary accounts | What do you use it for?. Our community members shared their pain points, expectations and experienc…Tagging@kush@arp4na
Thanks everyone for help. Last week I got Metal Debit Card delivered and it’s very good looking and of good quality which is better than other metal card like OneCard.
General doubt-What challenges are associated with offering metal debit cards? Is the production cost significantly high?
Yes
@chandrakant_chauhanWhile we as customers are disappointed with false promises (more or less), it should make business sense for any company to provide certain products or services for the survival and growth of the business.I am thinking that in this case, the cost of metal card may be more than the cost analysis done by Jupiter. Or it could be kept as a incentive for high salary customers.But I am certain that Jupiter wouldn’t have wanted to mislead it’s customers.
@D_MI found this through Google…https://www.quora.com/Why-don-t-banks-manufacture-debit-cards-from-metal-even-though-many-offer-metal-credit-cards#:~:text=The%20cost%20factors%20make%20it,Everyone%20else%20gets%20plastic.“The cost factors make it prohibitively expensive to issue them to every customer. So only a select few get them. Everyone else gets plastic.”“Debit cards do not make that much money for the bank and they do not spend much money on it.”
indiamart.comConvert Your Credit/ Debit Card To Luxurious Metal/ Platinum CardsRegal Creds - Offering Convert Your Credit/ Debit Card to Luxurious Metal/ Platinum Cards , डेबिट कार्ड सर्विस, डेबिट कार्ड सेवा at Rs 5999/piece in Midnapore, West Bengal. Read about company. Get contact details and address | ID: 25702608312₹ 5,999/ PieceNot sure if this is standard cost of making a metal card though…
I thought the cost to be approximately between 2000 to 3000 rupees because OneCard charges a 3000 rupee fee for replacing a Metal cardimage1078×144 26.5 KB
So, after many months, I logged into the Junio app today and saw thisSo, they are offering Metal Cards for 4000 (for those interested).I am currently wondering what is preventing Jupiter from implementing it. This has been on the roadmap for quite some time.
ABDUL RAZACK K P:So, they are offering Metal Cards for 4000 (for those interested).I am currently wondering what is preventing Jupiter from implementing it. This has been on the roadmap for quite some time.@Jitenany scoop on this?I would have loved to see this on Jupiter “India’s first RuPay metal card”
Rs.5000 seems in line with what Monzo charged for their metal card in 2020.Monzo: £50 = ~ ₹5000Revolut: £40 = ~ ₹4000Curve: £37 = ~ ₹3800Of course there may be a difference in material used and there is defenitely a difference of 3 years.Sifted – 20 Oct 20Monzo's new Premium cards cost £50 each to produce — but hey, the people...Monzo's new Premium product play into the new craze around metal cards. The cost of production is steep — but is that part of the appeal?“Insiders at Revolut say its own metal card costs around £40 to produce, while an investor at Curve said its card had a £37 production cost (thanks to a US-based manufacturer).”
Metal cards ideally should be offered for a very premium category card like the HDFC Infinia or Amex Black. A metal card in the non premium category fails to justify the cost involved in issuing it.
Yes. My thoughts exactly.Also it doesn’t make sense for a debit card. Especially in India where the majority of cost conscious consumers may not want to pay Rs.5000 for a debit card.

Q: After months of being on the waitlist for the Edge Rupay Credit Card, I have been issued the Edge Visa Credit Card (Federal) today. I have gone through the MITC and Fact sheet in detail, but I have not found any information on whether large transactions can be converted into EMIs or not.Can anyone tell me whether it is possible to convert transactions on Edge Visa CC to EMIs? And if so, what is the minimum transaction amount for this to happen?
A: It is best you reach out to the support team either via in app chat or send them an email to support@jupiter.money
@ronypatraCurrently, we don’t have the EMI facility on credit card.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: All seat are taken error while creating a new account
A: Please send an email to support@jupiter.money to ensure you are added to tracking of people who have initiated account opening

Q: Hi i recently created a jupiter account fpr my boyfriend and we entered only the surname of mother in the mothers maiden name option . Please provide an option to edit to complete the e-kyc
A: Hello,@kabanee_Rajeevwelcome to the communityI’m uncertain if there is an available option within the app for this particular task. However, I recommend reaching out to support by sending an email to support@jupiter.money or by calling helpline at 08655055086 (available 9am - 9pm) for assistance.
Hai@kabanee_RajeevWelcome to the community. I don’t think it’s a major issue, if you have entered the father’s name correctly, the account could be created successfully. The communication address on the app is going to be the same as aadhaar.If you have not completed the e-kyc, and still you are uncertain whether to proceed further, I suggest emailing your issue to support@jupiter.money or by contacting customer care at 08655055086 (available from 9 am to 9 pm).Edit:@saurabh.sI completely missed your post, Thanks for the timely assistance and sorry for repeating the same support mail and customer care number
Hi@kabanee_RajeevDid your issue got resolved? I am also facing same issue. Jupiter CSB team in mail just states to retry Video KYC and video KYC executive states they cannot do anything until the details are correct.
Hi@razack@saurabh.sThis seems to be a major as I also faced same issue. The first video KYC executive asked me to contact Jupiter support at 8655055086 who then asked me to mail edge-csb-support@jupiter.money who just told me to retry Video KYC and they don’t have option to edit the mother’s name. I just retried another video KYC where executive said we cannot continue without details being matched. I also informed him that Jupiter support team is stating they do not have option to update the details. Seems like I faced a dead end because of this. I have 4 different credit cards of another banks and did not face such issue with either of them.

Q: I’m unable to log into my account after reinstalling the app. It says my mobile number could not be verified. I tried restarting my phone and reinstalling the app multiple times. My other messages are going through.
A: Hai@Andrew_John, Welcome to the community…I think your sms package may causing this issue.I suggest you to recharge for 10 Rs(main balance/top up recharge) and try again.May be that can solve the issue
Mine is a postpaid number. I am able to recieve and send messages otherwise. That’s the first thing I tried.
Then please report it via mailing to support@jupiter.money
Yeah I have done that. They have reached out to me and are looking into the issue. They said will take upto 3 working days.
I have regained accessed. Happy with the prompt action by the support team. Very grateful.
@Andrew_Johncan you please mark this thread as resolved?
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Im unable to start an account in Jupiter. It shows Your Upi account could not be set up.IMG_63871284×2778 131 KB
A: Welcome to the community@Jobin_JoyAs highlighted in the screenshot, it may be some technical issue. I suggest you to try again later.If still the issue persists, kindly mail to support@jupiter.moneyAlso tagging@Nikhil_Godbolesir
@Jobin_JoyI’m assuming this error is resolved.
I am unable to start an account in Jupiter
R u facing “seat is full” kind of error or something else? Can you specify it?
Still I’m facing this issues from yesterdayIMG_4937.jpg828×1792 59 KB
@Nikhil_GodboleCan you pls look into this?
@Savitha_CAccount is already created. Please try to setup UPI after 2-3 hours. There is some downtime going on.

Q: Card managing is not working right now
A: Welcome to the community@JavadmuhammadCould you please elaborate on the issue?Is that related to the debit card or credit card?
Debit cardBecause I’m at dubai I can use the Jupiter debit here
Are you getting an error “SOMETHING SNAPPED” or is it something else?Are you facing issues enabling ‘international transactions’ on jupiter app for your card?

Q: In current Jupiter version, consolidated spend analysis option is not available.It is better to include credit card spends with bank accounts spends to have overall view.Because of this feature unavailability, I have to use other expense tracking apps.
A: Spread it, so that it reaches to development team

Q: Hello,At the moment, I have only my E-Pan with me. I have changed addresses, and have not been able to get the physical PAN card delivered to me (returned undelivered, some issue with the delivery peeps).Is there any provision for physical KYC verification? If not, could it be added? I am willing to travel to nearest Federal Bank branch and other relevant offices.Thank you
A: As far as I know, offline KYC option is not available for Jupiter users. Having said, it is recommended you send an email to support@jupiter.money to get this clarified
Is this digital Pan card signed or not ?Signed e Pan legally valid for kyc , just print out the digital copy and also show your digilocker fetched pan at the time of video kyc.
Offline KYC is currently not available.E-Pan is also not accepted for VKYC at this point.Only Physical PAN is accepted at this point of time.
You can print out your e pan on PVC paper just for 30 rs from your nearest cybercafe . If not signed signed on the white area, and use it on video KYC.

Q: initially my debit card used to work in ATMS,recently it has stopped working and i checked debit card settings,everything seems to be normal
A: Hi@syed_hasher,This issue is known, some cardholders are facing it in various ATMs and the Jupiter team is at work on it.Meanwhile, you can check these ATMsDebit card and atmHelpI also faced the same problem today, the ATM generated an error receipt. 
Had a chat with the support team, they said I was one of the affected users with this issue. They will fix it soon. 
The agent did give a list of ATM banks that work, so it was quite helpful. 
The list of ATM banks : 

Federal Bank
Yes Bank
Bandhan Bank
IDBI Bank
DCB Bank
Equitas SFB
AU SFB
Punjab National Bank.If it does not work for you in these ATMs then please raise an issue ticket within the app help page.
Greetings,@syed_hasher! We are delighted to have you as a part of the Jupiter community.I kindly ask you to go through the list of ATMs provided by@Abhishek_Ulayil. While all the options are worth considering, I highly recommend visiting the Federal Bank ATM first. In the event that there isn’t a Federal Bank ATM nearby or it doesn’t worked, please feel free to visit other ATMs on the list.If the suggested solution resolves your issue, I sincerely request that you close this thread by marking Abhishek’s response as “SOLUTION.” This will greatly help other customers who face similar issues.
My debit card is not working
Welcome to the community@Prince_ShajiPlease ensure that the debit card is enabled for offline/online transactions and not in sleep mode.If you are trying it at ATM, you can follow this post:My debit card is not working in atm in recent daysHelpHi@syed_hasher, 
This issue is known, some cardholders are facing it in various ATMs and the Jupiter team is at work on it. 
Meanwhile, you can check these ATMs 


If it does not work for you in these ATMs then please raise an issue ticket within the app help page.Furthermore, you can report this issue from the app by choosing help/chat option for a quicker response  or can mail to support@jupiter.money

Q: My account was frozen for Credit transactions for reasons not told to me, but I was allowed to make debit transactions.It’s been more than 2 weeks, I’m not able to make even debit transactions now. All my payments are at hault, and nobody from Jupiter or Federal Bank is taking responsibility.Jupiter said they cannot do anything and gave me a way out by using FedNet net banking services but that also does not work.Nobody even answers why the account was frozen at first place.I need to make very urgent payments. Kindly help at the earliest or I’ll be compelled to write to RBI.
A: @Anastsend email to the cyber care team. They will be able to confirm the exact reason for the account getting frozen. If it has been frozen based on a directive received from a law enforcement agency, prepare for a long haul.
I’ve written numerous mails to the team but nobody replies or lifts a call on helpline number.
Is there way for account closure and transferring the remaining money in an alternative account?
@AnastI’d recommend you to mail your issue over the mail id mentioned here on this page,Personal Finance, FinTech Updates from Jupiter – 25 Jun 21Contact | JupiterTrying out Jupiter before everyone else? Have an idea that’ll make Jupiter better? Want to join us to make banking nicer? Whatever you got, we’re here to talk.Under assistance

Q: I have tried and followed every instructionUnable to set UPI pin at all cost…
A: Activate your debit card with pin setup before creating upi pin

Q: I don’t have access to my registered number and now i am unable to login in the app kindly help
A: Please reach the support team via support@jupiter.money

Q: I am unable to open an account since I did my ekyc for aadhar using a different phone number . It failed. I changed my number on aadhar to the one with which I have logged in to Jupiter but still this issue persists .Please guide me for the same…
A: Hi@Abhinav1the support team should be able to guide you with the next steps.You can connect with them through email or call support

Q: The gold amount disappeared from the total investment value and the gold investments page snaps to show some error occurred with a retry button. Is this like a bug or a server thing maybe?
A: @AARIMtry it today during the working hours. If you see the information, it could have been temporary bug or a server issue. If you still don’t see the values, please report this to the support team.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Hello all,I recently got Federal bank credit card for which i tried to signup on FedMobile app. But after mobile number verification app asking me to enter 14 digit account number which i don’t have with Federal Bank.I’d these relationship related to fedral bank currently and in past -Fi account (Closed Recently)Jupiter accountI tried Jupiter and Fi account details but both gave error.Now i don’t have any idea what to do and whom to contact coz Federal Bank customer support told me to visit branch and branch employees have no idea what to do.Also when i login on FedNet it shows me my Jupiter account along with one more account number which i don’t know what is that(Tried this too in FedMobile). (Screenshot attached)Also i can access my credit card details on FedNet.This issue seems to be with FedMobile App only.If anyone faced similar kind of situation please help.Screenshot_20231215_102951_FedNet1079×2340 214 KB
A: The other account is for the pots account, you can verify this by going into settings of jupiter > then view all details of savings account.Pots account number should be there at the bottom.
Why did you closed Fi account?
@Narutoit was inactive account for me. No usage plus i didn’t liked it too. and then Fi CC is total waste. So all red flags for me

Q: Unable to login to my jupiter account. Need help urgently. Please check
A: Hai@Abhianejawelcome to the community.What is the error message you are getting while trying to login?If possible, kindly share the screenshot or image of the error.Also, please raise a support ticket by mailing to support@jupiter.money

Q: I decided to try Jupiter account after seeing a lot of advertisements about Jupiter where it was claiming itself as a digital bank. But I am happy to see a nice welcome by Jupiter while onboarding. I am curious to know how it works after opening an account in this appIMG_20231217_1848381920×2560 308 KB
A: Hai@PoonamWelcome to the community.As mentioned on the screen, suggest you to try after some time, possibly tomorrow during the banking hours.If still the problem persists, kindly mail to support@jupiter.money and create a support ticket.Moreover, you can DM@Nikhil_Godbolesir too
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: i recently closed my federal bank account through IND money. I am unable to create account in Jupiter as it show msg as " You have another Federal Bank Account, Please go through account opening process for existing bank users".But My Fed bank account was closed.and also I can’t find the option of opening account for existing bank users.Kindly give a solution for this
A: Pls contact support@jupiter.money for the same. Meanwhile I hope someone from the jupiter team on the community can help you with this

Q: I redeemed the  invested amount in ICICI mutual funds on saturday. On monday received a message reading  the process is being done . Its thursday and yet no amount  transfered in my account .
A: @Koyominplease escalate this to customer care via the in app support or email - support@jupiter.money. This will ensure a ticket is assigned to your case and tracked to closure
I had done that
It was ICICI Prudential Savings Fund - Direct Plan - Growth (formerly ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund - Flexible Income Plan) (Non-Demat)
Does any investing company gives out cheque instead of directly transfering money ? Since the  sms received did stated that the redemtion is processed with the issuance of cheque.
Yes
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Pots are no longer on main screen? Why
A: You can view/access the pots screen from the money tab.
@Vineet_spadeHai, Welcome to the communityIts there under account tab…next to Pay to Mobile and Debit Card options…You can see “Save in Pots” Option.If you are still facing difficulty in locating POTS, kindly share the screesnhot or image of the homepage.Please sure the app is updated and is on the latest version
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: am trying to open a Jupiter Account, but it’s stuck on “Sorry, we’ll let you know when a new seat is available.”I have mailedsupport@jupiter.moneybut still got no response.What to do??
A: cc@Shawnpinto
@tanmoysrtCan you please try again. We have made some changes.
I tried out just now. After E-KYC, it’s giving message now“Your account application was rejected by our systems. We will not be able to open an account for you”
But I have a good CIBIL and experian score (In 800 range).Although I am trying to open the Savings Account for neobanking mainly, not for loan (Although there was option for this as well at the time of registration).
Do you have other federal bank account with same credentials or different mobile/email ??
No, I haven’t any a/c in federal bank
i had the same issue, lodged a complaint, they called me and told me there was an issue with the documents i provided and i cant verify again. Basically nothing can be done
Need to check other neobank.The customer care and support really so bad.Showing a message on the app may not help users to figure out the stuffs.

Q: Your account application was rejected by our System. We are not able to open account for you
A: @Utk2103it is recommended that you send an email to support@jupiter.money and include the details like phone number and email address being used for opening the account.

Q: Hello my name is Garvit Arora.I’m trying to open account in Jupiter money but unable to open account the app is showing error.@ShawnpintoIMG-20231212-WA0000960×1280 96 KB
A: Hi@Garvit_Arora, We’ll ask the support team to have a look at this.If there’s any update, we’ll reach out to you.
im having the same issuemade a post about a month ago, nothing solved

Q: HiI’ve re-installed Jupiter app but now I’m not able to login to my account. I try logging in and it’s showing something crackedI’ve money in my super pots and it’s really worrying me nowThanks if anybody can helpimage1170×2532 166 KB
A: I think there is a scheduled maintenance downtime running currently(12:30-3:30am) as the app says, so the system could have issues logging in.
I need help yaar 1st tried to login it it showed failed to login i reinstalled the app now it wants my number when I put in the info it says ops something cracked and that’s it it’s a really pathetic app i face issues on a daily basis 1st with my kyc now with this
@Saeed_Arshad_Hashemitry and record a video that captures the steps you take before the error comes up and send it to the support team via email - support@jupiter.money. If you are an android user, you will need to record the video using a different device

Q: Trying From a month to open account…But the app seems to have stuck on this verification page.Note- I Have a indmoney federal bank account20231004_0947131920×2560 194 KB
A: Please report this to the support team on email - support@jupiter.money
Have done this… No solution…
Have you received a ticket number?
Support team raise this ( 2663381 ). But marked it closed without solving anything.
@Nikhil_Godbolerequest you to have someone from your team to look into this.
@ChadCould you please DM me the mobile No which you are tying to use while opening an account.
Hi NikhilCan you help me as wellThanksJojo
Hai@jojovarghese, Suggest you to edit and remove personal details like phone number. Please send it privately to Nikhil sir via DM.
Done.
Sir, Any solution for me?
@ChadCould you please re try again.
Sir, so this time the app let me do the ekyc with federal bank.But after the ekyc & email verification. The system rejected my application.20231205_1414401920×2560 182 KB
@ChadHave asked the team to check this.
@ChadTry again. We have made some changes.
I tried, Now its giving me this error…17017677274231288×2356 94.9 KB
Sir any update on this?
@ChadTeam is looking into this issue. I don’t have an ETA as of now. Will keep you posted as soon as I hear from them.
Okay sir
Any update for me?

Q: I am trying to open a Jupiter Account, but it’s stuck on “Sorry, we’ll let you know when a new seat is available.”I have mailedsupport@jupiter.moneybut still got no response.How many days normally I need to wait for opening a/c in jupter ?
A: 

Q: Hello my name is MukulI am trying to open Jupiter accoun,but when i am trying to open the application its showing seat not available. i already mailed to your team about this and they closed my request by saying that your request is rejected and they don’t provide me proper reason for my application rejection.My ticket ID is#2786914.Please help me@Shawnpinto
A: Hi@MukulAdlakha,I ask the team to look into this. Thanks for sharing your Ticket ID, this should suffice.We’ll get back to you as soon as we have an update

Q: Well I just opened the account and it’s asking me for my initial funding of 250 rs. I’m ok with it but I get to know about the debit card charges both virtual and physical so either way I have to pay for debit card.Now how can I close my account without getting stuck in these problems. I didn’t paid 250 rs initial funding still…Help please…
A: Transfer all ur funds and send an email support@jupiter.money for closure of account.
Okay one thing more…Since I have to pay for virtual card as well, is that virtual card free for one year ?
If am not wrong it will be chargeable only in 2024 i.e., next year. Also, you can waive off those charges by spending the eligible amount
You mean exactly 12 months later after account opening, i.e at the end of 2024…
If you have already paid the debit card issuance fees, then annual fees will be charged from the second year. Regarding the virtual card am not sure whether it would be from the second year or from 2024 March/April as proposed by Jupiterimage1137×748 47.9 KBYou can have more info here:Jupiter Debit Card ChargesFeedback & IdeasHi everyone, 
My name is Tanvi Agrawal and I’m part of the Debit Card team at Jupiter. I wanted to answer some of the queries and shed some light on this move: 


Eligible merchant spends: Almost all non-ATM spends (online and offline) are included in the 25K waiver. The only exception are financial payments (like credit card or loan repayments), wallet recharges etc. The full list is part of theTerms & Conditionsand I’ve also pasted it at the end of the post for easier access for you. 


I ca…Since you have already created an account, it would be recommended to use that chat option (help) on the app for more clarification.

Q: hey all,Please let me know how to change the autopay and choose different account for auto paying for loanIMG_30341170×2532 107 KB
A: Hai@vishal2, Welcome to the communityI suggest you try again (go back option) and see whether there is any option of “Use another account” as mentioned on the screenshot.If not, kindly use the chat option on the app for a quicker response. Also, you can mail this concern to support@jupiter.money

Q: From my installation of jupiter app we this app say that there are no seat yet.
A: Welcome to the community@Ritam_GhoshPlease note that the slots are currently allocated by Federal Bank and might not be available to you right now. I recommend trying again in a few days. Alternatively, feel free to send your concerns via email tosupport@jupiter.money.

Q: I got notification for life time free offer for edge visa credit cardWhen I clicked it opened in application and showing valid till 20 December and written ,“Get it zero for annual fee + 999 Zero annual fee”This is totally confusing , 999 also written so is it 999 chargeable if we didn’t spent 1.2 lac or it’s completely free regardless of any spend?
A: Try reaching out to customer care using the help icon in the Jupiter app. Send the query with the screenshots of the offer, they should be able to tell you the correct details.Hope it helps.
Ok

Q: Now the card has been returned back to Jupiter. Is there any way I reattempt the delivery?
A: @anekI don’t think so. These things are all automated.I guess that you need to reorder. Yes! Repayment will be a pain.@Shawnpintodoes any solution exist for this problem?
i looked up the tracking number they provided on BlueDart

Q: Father name is wrong
A: Welcome to the community@SimranKindly elaborate on your issue. Also, you can use the chat option (help) on the app for a quicker response. Moreover, you can mail the issue tosupport@jupiter.moneyor call the customer care at 08655055086 (available 9am - 9pm)

Q: I raised a complaint with you guys, now I’m locked out of account, i have fixed deposits and balance in savings accounts to which i have no access to right now. I connected with customer service and had no resolve. Can someone please look into this?
A: 

Q: I have shared my Account details to HR and salary got credited to the Jupiter account. After that I have marked the amount and converted to Salary account. But from then it is showing as Upgrading hold on. Account will be upgraded with 48 hours. Till now nothing is seen. If I click on Upgrade buttom again same thing happens.Thus anyone help me how it will be and how much does it takes actually to convert to salary account.Salary credited date : 29 Nov 2023Upgrade Request raised : 29 Nov 2023
A: Welcome to the community@Mahesh_Kumar_VSometimes it may take more time than expected.Suggest you to use the chat option on the app for a quicker response. Also, you can raise a support ticket by mailing the issue to support@jupiter.money
Hey Mahesh, Abhinav from the Salary Account team here. Apologies for the inconvenience caused here. Can you please share your registered phone number on Jupiter through DM? Will get this issue checked for you.
Hi I have already raised the concern through chat option they said it will be resolved by dec 1st.Should I raise a new request as previous one is closed and share the registered phone number@Abhinav_Nahata
Yes@Mahesh_Kumar_V, please raise a new request and share your registered phone number with me on DM to locate your ticket and expedite it.
@Mahesh_Kumar_VCould you please check the app once. The status has been upgraded to Salary Account.CC@Abhinav_Nahata
Hi sir,Thank you for your reply. Account has been moved to Salary account.Thanks,Mahesh
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: WhatsApp Image 2023-11-06 at 14.27.45_e8b86b7a864×1152 36.6 KBi sent multiple mails to your support but got no helpPlease tell me how can i fix this
A: Usually when a user sees this message, his or her profile has not cleared certain checks before the actual account opening can be initiated
what should i do?
@_Akshathave you received a ticket #?
no i haven’t,everytime they just told me to mail from the email i registered with Jupiter which if i did would have been that mail as i use only that email ID
@yagnesh01sorry to bother you but what should i do?
@_Akshatbased on the posts I have read in the past, when a profile is rejected in the initial checks, an account may not get opened. Having said, considering you have not received a ticket number on email, recommend you call the support team on 8655055086.
ok i will try thatthanks for the help
Same problem is it solved or not
@yagnesh01sorry to disturb you again,I called at the help line on 25th of November and I was asked to wait for 2 days, its been a week and I didn’t get anything back.I managed to get a ticket number - 2741443Please see if you can assist me
@Nikhil_Godbolerequest you to have someone from your team look into this
@Nikhil_GodboleSir can you please look into it ?

Q: Hello,All of a sudden I am getting multiple notifications on email, whatsapp about this gas bill.I have never paid any bills from Jupiter, also this connection is from 2 years back when I was on rent at this place.I have also checked the app, to dismiss or delete this bill but I don’t see any option, 1st of all where has this bill even gotten detected from since I have not paid a single bill from Jupiter.Please let me know how to dismiss this bill and delete this bill forever so that I don’t get any more notifications further.image933×139 17.9 KB
A: photo_2023-12-03_12-40-48573×1280 84.3 KBAlso on whatsapp.
Has to be some bug.
image864×38 3.68 KBReminder again, please make this stop, give me option to dismiss this bill forever, all I see is a option to mark as paid, I dont want this reminder.
You can remove the bill from jupiter appGo to the bill payment pageAt the bottom there will be an option to manage all your bills .In the your bills section there is a menu with three dots which will allow you to remove the selected bill.This way you wont get future reminders.Hope that it helps.
Done thank you, earlier I had only 2 options “view options” and “mark as paid” suddenly now I see Delete bill, have deleted the bill.
You are welcome.You can close this issue by marking the post as solution.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: I’m trying to login to Jupiter but when prompted to enter adhar number, I do and wait for OTP which never comes . Later I click the option  " didn’t recieve OTP " and it throws this error.Its my sincere request to please help me with thisHelpBugs@JupiterTeam
A: @aleemmunshiWelcome to the communityPlease make sure you are trying to create Jupiter account with the same sim in which your aadhaar is linked.I suggest you try it again once, and if you are getting the same error, please mail the issue to support@jupiter.money by attaching the error screenshot or image.

Q: My bank transfer payment is getting failed and in the failure message its showing Something went wrong, please try again laterI tried updating my app its upto date. Though my UPI payment is workingPlease help
A: Please report this to the support team so that a ticket is assigned to your issue and tracked to closure. The support team’s email is support@jupiter.money
Try imps/neft bro in case it is urgent.
the bank transfer mode is imps
mailed and got call alsobut after few replies no response from the team

Q: I keep getting something snapped at adhaar verification page.I have sent an email to the support, no replies yet.
A: The support team does take 24-48 hours to respond.
Same here

Q: just i want to update my number but not able to update in jupiter application
A: In this case you should reach out to the support team and share the screenshot of error message you are getting. The support email is support@jupiter.money
Already submitted he screenshot also.but no response
Kindly share the screenshot (error message)here too…
IMG-20231129-WA0005.jpg719×1600 36.7 KB
Did the seven days passed?Did you attempt it again as mentioned in the screenshot?
Lot if times tried but it remains thesame.nochange

Q: Dear Jupiter Team,Please note that I sold all my gold on 22nd November 2023. But, Still now the amount  has not been credited to my Federal bank account.I am totally disappointed with this kind of service. A service request ticket has been raised. But, still no revert.Please fix it ASAP. else I will take the matter to Ombudsman’s forum.Thanks & RegardsSoumya Narayan Roy
A: Welcome to the community@Soumya_Narayan_RoyBy Federal bank account I hope you mean Jupiter account.Have you used the chat/help option on the app?I suggest you to be in touch with@Nikhil_Godbolesir with the service request reference number. Hope it gets resolved asap.
Thanks for the suggestion. done with the chat & call part. Let’s see
Hello Soumya!We apologise for this issue that you are facing. Can you please DM me the Ticket ID or your phone number for me to look into this issue on priority?
Hi, i am facing the same issue from the past 5 days. Kindly resolve the issue or I shall be taking this to the Ombudsman’s forum too.
Hello Manuel!We apologise for this inconvenience. Can you please DM me your phone number or a reference ticket ID? I will look into this issue on priority.
Ticket Number - 2732416

Q: I was just trying to create an account today and the app notified that there are no seats available. The app will notify to me when the new seats becomes available. - no clue what this means.So what’s going on? It also doesn’t says “when” they become available. I feel like played on by Jupiter, they should run the check before collection PII of users whether they can actually onboard a customer.But now, since I cannot use the service at the moment and Jupiter collected all the my PII and I wish to withdraw my consent of use of my any of PII by Jupiter or its partners and ask for removal of all my PII. What’s the process? Whom should I contact for removal of PII if I cannot use the app?
A: Here the best course of action is to email the support team at support@jupiter.money

Q: Screenshot_20231123_183948_Google Play services1080×2340 119 KBGetting error when trying to add Jupiter edge card in Google playstore for recurring payements. I couldn’t find any settings not enabled for Jupiter edge. Anything I’m missing here or is this not supported yet?
A: @Mahesh_MohandasanAre you trying to add Edge Visa or Rupay ?
@Nikhil_GodboleI’m trying to add Edge Visa.
Got update from the team that reccuring payments option is a work in progress for edge card. Right now, we’ll only be able to make single/one time payments. Closing this thread.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Unable to do International Payments with Edge Federal CC.
A: If the international payments are enabled and yet the transactions are failing, then please report this via the in app support. This will ensure your issue is assigned a ticket number and tracked to closure.
Reported via mail to support team on the Day 2 of using this card.Support team updated that with 2FA it will be providea, but i didnt find 2FA in Roadmap.

Q: Federal Bank account detectedWe’ve identified you as an existing Federal Bank customer. Please resolve these issues before attempting to open your Jupiter account:Help to resolve this issues!IMG-20231122-WA0020720×1600 52.6 KB
A: Yes i think so!
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Hi guys,I tried to open an account yesterday. Passed through Aadhar and PAN verification, however when video KYC started, it kept failing. Finally, it started showing an error that “we cannot open an account due to identity verification”. Raised a ticket yesterday by email (Ticket No. 2718337).Got back an email stating that it was resolved. But when i checked back , the error was still showing.Could you guys help me out.RegardsSanal Kumar. S
A: Hi@SanalkumarS!Thanks for letting us knowWe’ll ask the team to get this checked and reach out to you to get this resolved for you.You’ve shared your ticket ID, this should be fine for now.If anything else is needed, we’ll connect privately on DMs.Thanks!
HI@ShawnpintoThanks for the reply.
HI@ShawnpintoSo, today the error message “we cannot open an acoount” is gone and the Video KYC is back. I did the Video KYC and made sure that the video was clear as possible, but after uploading , it shows the same error message that “we cannot opem an account because of identity verification”.I don’t understand what is the issue. I was expecting to open an account in 15 minutes but its been 2 days now since I am spending time behind this.Should I just give up?RegardsSanal
Hi@SanalkumarSThe team is looking into this and will get back to you at the earliest.Thanks for sharing the latest update, this helps!
Hi@ShawnpintoAgain the error message was cleared. Did the video KYC, kept showing the uploading details page for about 10 minutes, after which it started showing the old error message.Getting fed up of this. Am i doing the video KYC wrong or something?

Q: It shows sending an sms from my number for verification. But not able to do so. Eventhough sms in my phone working fine.
A: @Harsh_UpadhyayDid you change the device or moved the SIM to any other slot recently (android) ?
No sir
@Harsh_UpadhyayOne of our representatives will get in touch with you and assist you.
No sir
Okay sir

Q: Mera account open nhi ho rha hThode time phle jab mere pas pan card nhi tha tb  mene mere aadhar ke sath papa ka pan no enter kr diya tha jisse us time account open nhi huaa pr ab jb bi me account open krne k liye apna aadhar na dalta hu to vo pan no bina dale hi dono me name mismatch btata h jbki mene ab koi pan no nhi dale hAb me mere pan or aadhar se account open krna chahta hu pr nhi ho rha h na hi koi edit button sho ho rha h na hi koi chat support button sho ho rha hMeri support request (Ticket#2718261)Please account open krva dijiye
A: Looping in@Nikhil_Godbole. Can anything be done about this.I suppose there was a similar situation before for one of the community members.
I can see Nikhil sir has already responded to his query on another thread. Hope it gets resolved soon
Yes. Waiting for his details on DM

Q: Dear Jupiter team my debit card, ATM last digits are 2823 was lost in a journey so I kindly request you to give me a new debit card of my account .Account details.Account no last digit 5866
A: Welcome to the community@M_A_WallartsYou can block the current debit card and order a new one from the app.
Block the debit card using the Jupiter app and order a new one.
Hey Mohammad! We regret the inconvenience caused. We shall be connecting with you via Dm to address this further.

Q: I have done all the verification to get csb rupay credit card , in the last step of kyc verification …am not able to do , I have done miltiple times of doing kyc verification buts every times its failed . I have attached screenshot of showing problem on screenWhatsApp Image 2023-11-12 at 12.09.00 PM1920×2560 530 KB…please help
A: Welcome to the community@Amritesh_KumarThere might be a technical problem at the moment. Suggest you to attempt again later.Also, I recommend creating a support ticket by emailing the issue tosupport@jupiter.money.Tagging@Lizann_Fernandez
@Amritesh_Kumarin addition to what@razackhas mentioned, This is a known issue. There is a bug in the VKYC process which has affected quite a few users who were able to apply for the Rupay card. This includes Jupiter employees as well. The exact ETR for the issue is not known but it should be resolved very soon.
Our team is on top of this issue and is trying to fix it. Since it also involves the Bank, it’s taking a bit more longer than usual. Will keep the group posted on the fix.Highly appreciate your patience in the interim.
Sir,My Waitlist Number is 1,84,463 in my jupiter application for Edge RuPay Card… When I will getting Applying option?
If you check some community posts, you will understand that the waitlist number has no value.I think you will get a notification on WhatsApp and email when you get the option to apply for the card.
Your no will come after 1-1.5 years. CSB Rupay Edge Credit card has came up without any proper planning. company CEO trying to mislead the customer’s with creating hype of Rupay Card. After 6-8 months their all cash backs offers will gone. Try some other credit card instead of this.

Q: When I try to change my mobile number from the app, it shows the error “Oops, looks like this number is already linked to another Jupiter account”. How to solve this issue.
A: Hai@Rajinikanth_H_CAre you certain that neither you nor any family member used that number to create a Jupiter account? Please double-check.If not, you can mail this issue to support@jupiter.money or use the chat option on the app for a quicker response.Furthermore, you can contact@Nikhil_Godbole
Faced the same issue, I used my primary number to first open an account but was unable to open a federal Bank account then. I forgot about it and a few months later I tried to open an account again with a different number and it worked, but when I tried to change my number it said an account already exists with this number. Tried calling the customer care and they said there is no option to change now if a Jupiter account already exists with that number.

Q: When i change my number this pop up come every time.Debit card not delivered.In Debit cards section also seen card delivery failed but i received the card.I contacted customer cear from 1 month, but no solution come
A: 

Q: I am an android user and jupiter app is showing “something snapped and we’re unable to verify you for account creation” error while registering an account. I have tried clearing app csche and data and also reinstalled the app but no luck.
A: Welcome to the community@Nikhil_KoundanyaSuggest you to create a support ticket by mailing to support@jupiter.money

Q: Hi, I was creating a Jupiter app in my phone, the link with referal was sent to me. But I accidentally skipped the “input referal code” box. But the moment I realised it I have not moved further. Please help to input referal code.
A: @Harin_KWelcome to Jupiter.I think you need to mail Jupiter customer support at support@jupiter.money. They may be able to help you out.

Q: I’m Samartha S. I have been wanting a Jupiter Account for the past few months. My College has started, and I thought having a Jupiter Account would be best for my spending and personal savings.I am so disappointed that I couldn’t create an account to date.I raised a support query, but no response was received from the team. This is my Request ID:#2622196@shawnpintoI hope you can definitely help me out.
A: I am facing the same issue. Exactly same. Please let me know when you get any thing
The team will look into this and get back to you.@Samartha_SThe Ticket ID helps

Q: IMG-20230922-WA0007960×1280 46.7 KBUnable to Destroy Pot . Suffering for the past 10 days . No support from Customer Care . Medical Emergency also unable to withdraw amount . Worst service .
A: @Nikhil_Godboleplease assist in having someone from your team address this issue.
Hai@Rahav_AdhithyaWelcome to the community.Suggest to use the chat option on the app for a quick solution (if not used still)
Chat option replyWe understood how much it for you. Kindly be patient untill we resolve your issue. Our team already in to that .This is the only reply im getting for the past 10 days. Truth is im patient only … in the hosp…
Ohhh, I completely understand your situation.Then, You should have raised this issue sooner  without waiting for 10 days.Get well soonTagging@Samarth_Tiwariwho is in charge of POTSHope this get resolved soon
Hello Rahav,We deeply regret the inconvenience caused. Please be assured that we are here to help you. We shall be connecting with you to have this addressed.
Same issue happened again today . Unable to destroy pot . Unable to withdraw money on emergency …
@Rahav_Adhithyait is important you raise this issue with the support team so that a ticket can get assigned to this issue and can be tracked to closure. I am assuming you are android user. Hence, please take a video from the point you initiate the breaking of the POT till the time you face the error. Attach that video in the email you send to the support team. Their email is support@jupiter.money
@Rahav_AdhithyaWe suggest you to stay in touch with the support team to resolve this.It would be easier to track the tickets since concerns raised on the Community would be lost in threads.

Q: I’m trying to get a loan but Finvu(Account Aggregator) keeps saving Banks are on a break for SBI Salary Account
A: Welcome to the community@Mandar_BakshiYes, I too can confirm the same…Checked with Canara Bank and it is showing the same error message “Banks are on a Break”Tagging@arp4na@Nikhil_Godbole
Agreed. Having used the IDFC First Bank’s mobile, I can affirm that Jupiter is miles ahead in terms of UI and UX. Issues with AA also persist there. I have linked my BoB account there and more often than not the transaction refresh fails
I am also facing issues with AA. Canara transactions are being repeated. Like, the same transaction is being shown 5-7 times as separate transactions. And the payee name for kotak transactions are being cut off mid sentence. For E.g a transfer to Rakesh Kumar is being shown as Rakesh Kum. I don’t know if its Jupiters doing or canara and kotak are smocking stuff.
For sure it’s the latter.
I see. So I guess it’s the banks smocking stuff.
I guess the problem is from Finvu’s side. It’s not just jupiter, others using Finvu’s is also having similar issue with SBI

Q: image3024×4032 2.76 MBThere is a bug. The card is still sleeping. I am not able to make payments
A: @Devansh_Bartwalreport this via the support email so that a ticket is assigned to this issue.You will need to manually turn off the settings that disables card transactions between 12 am and 6 am
I guess its the same for everyone, its not user-specific.
Yes, but am getting another messageFailed to load details" We’re fixing as we speakTry Again

Q: Dear sir,I have not completed KYC and I am facing this issue"Oops! Video-KYC unavailableVideo-KYC is only available within 1 year from account opening. Unfortunately, your account will expire soon. Please transfer your funds now to another bank account before account expiry"And I want to complete KYC so how can I complete please help meThanks,Mohammad Umair
A: Hai@Turk_Mohammad_UmairSuggest you to mail this issue to support@jupiter.money and create a support ticket.Also, Tagging@Nikhil_Godbole
This is from my experience in handling a similar issue for my employee. If the KYC is not completed within one year of account opening, the account does get closed.Having said that, please do reach out to the support team to ensure if there is a workaround, it is provided.

Q: Hi TeamI am currently in Bali Indonesia. I have an Android smartphone with dual SIM. I bought a local SIM for data and changed one of the Indian SIMs (not the number associated with Jupiter).Now whenever I try to open the app, it keeps saying that it needs to verify my SIM and tries to send an SMS which is undelivered as I don’t have International roaming.What should I do?
A: You have to use Indian sim in primary slot while you cAn use data from other sim
Indian SIM is in primary slot.
@Rishabh_ManojDo you have the Number (SIM) associated with Jupiter in the same phone and in primary slot ?
Yes, I am able to receive SMSes from other apps but in this scenario Jupiter app is insisting on sending an SMS which is not working.
I think recharging that number with a top-up of around 50 or 100 might work.

Q: Screenshot_2023-08-09-15-33-51-636_com.jio.myjio1080×2400 214 KBScreenshot_2023-08-09-15-33-28-693_com.jio.myjio1080×2400 251 KBI recharged my jio phone via offer with same terms and conditions but still not get my any cashback.I will harm brand value.@Shawnpinto
A: Before doing that, share the transaction details with the support team for them to get it checked and get the issue resolved.
@0Abhi0We are looking into the same and will revert.
@0Abhi0- Even I have faced the same issueDid it get resolved?
@Nikhil_Godbole- Could you please help me as well
Yeah! They solved the issue, Jasmine. And sent me 20 jewels.(Note: 5 jewels is equals to Rs. 1)
@Jasmin_KarPlease DM me your registered phone number with Jupiter and the transaction details in concern. Will get the team to check and revert
Sure…Thanks

Q: I cant change account type savings accoout to salary account my salary credited 14000 rupees .i have completed all kycs.I have shared my account details with my hr alreadyHelp me
A: The status of the account usually changes within 48 hours of the salary getting credited.
image1833×142 15.7 KB@yagnesh01Sir, isn’t the minimum salary requirement for the Jupiter Salary account either 20,000 or 25,000? Please confirm
@PROJECT_TRUTH_MEDIAPlease DM me your registered mobile number on Jupiter. Will get it checked from the Salary Team regarding the same.
@razackthe experience with our company is the median salary for the organization is taken as the benchmark for converting the savings account to salary account

Q: please check my account correctly i have given all correct information.
A: Hai@Abhi26Welcome to the community.Could you please elaborate the issue you are facing?Also, it is always recommended to mail your issue by attaching the error screenshot or image to support@jupiter.money for creating a support ticket.
not able to take screen short . because its saying due to security policy
unable to open accountyour account application was rejected by our systems.We will not be able to open an account for you.this is coming on my screen
@Abhi26take a picture from a different phone and attach it to the email you send to support team (email address provided by@razack). They should be able to provide a reason that could have lead to your profile not clearing the initial checks.
WIN_20231105_15_52_18_Pro.jpg375×720 30.3 KB
@Abhi26send this to the support team on support@jupiter.money.

Q: Hi Jupiter Team,Today i have installed juniper app. It is first time  am Login juniper app using my airtel no and after logging. Give PAN details after confirming.Juniper account detected page only. Not able open salary account.IMG-20231104-WA0062960×1280 91.7 KBPlease help me resolve the issue.ThanksPanneerselvam. G
A: Hi sir, This is Jupiter not junipe, it seems like you already have an account with jupiter, your pan records are already linked with another number, kindly login with the number you initially created your account with jupiter, contact the helpdesk via support@jupiter.money or in app-support incase you need further assistance / lost your number
Hi i have not register any no with PAN card no in jupiter. Today only i have register.I have emailed support@jupiter.money.How to resolve my issue? Any one please help me on this.
This is a peculiar problem.But I think since Jupiter is mostly automated to keep costs down, people would need to dig into this problem.Please be patient.I am just guessing… Is it possible that someone gave your PAN Card by mistake while opening their account and is it possible that it is linked to Jupiter? But I think it only gets linked after complete verification.It is also possible that you opened the account with another mobile number and forgot about it.
I suggest you to clear cache and storage data and try login in with the same mobile number and see whether you can proceed further, mainly with account verification sms. I think there may be an account created with your present mobile numberTagging@Nikhil_Godbolesir
@PanneerselvamPlease DM me your mobile number which you used at the time of registration.Will get it checked.

Q: Having issue with on-demand withdrawal. Screen says disbursal is in progress, crediting amount in your account and nothing happening. Getting same issue from past 3 days, raised on support as well…they are saying wait till 6th nov, 11.55pm. Could someone atleast tell me what could be the issue?
A: Hello,@tejmadmax! Welcome to the community.Unfortunately, our community members do not possess the necessary information or solutions for addressing this particular issue. I would recommend your patience and suggest waiting until the specified time. Hopefully, by then, a solution will become available.Tagging@Ritik_Roy@arp4naHope they can help you

Q: The funds are not getting reflected properly, e.g. for reference - I have investment in Navi which is not getting reflected.And when I click on repor an error, I do get redirected to main page of app
A: @kingzeusvjthis definitely a bug. Suggest you share this with the support team along with video of the error. This help in getting the error tracked to closure
Cannot regenerate the error as screen recording can’t be possible on Jupiter app.
Try capturing from another device. Upload it in Google drive and paste the link here. It works
I have this issue with funds that I have with Paytm Money. Other funds are captured.
I think this happens due to reports from kfintech. Cams are totally updated with all fund houses. Or another option might be API pull from AA.
@ShawnpintoCan you please align someone on this?I was able to cross-reference my reports with CAMS, and 10 funds are not listed in Jupiter’s “External Funds” report.If not from cams, then from where are you puling this mutual fund report?Also, when we click “Report an Error,” it takes us to the app’s home page. It’s broken.
Hi@kingzeusvjThanks for bringing this up to our notice.The team will need time to check a few things.In the meantime, I suggest you take this up through our support channels so you can be updated.

Q: Hi! In the last week twice the Jupiter App in my iPhone 14 did not work. I had to delete the App and re-install from the App Stores! Today again this App not working. Any solution?
A: Are you facing a similar problem with any other applications?I believe this is a user specific issue . My wife also has an iPhone 14, and Jupiter works seamlessly for her, never faced any such issues. I suggest that you report this problem by sending an email tosupport@jupiter.moneyto create a support ticket.
SVPuri:iPhone 14 did not workHi@SupswanWhat was the error shown to you? It would be helpful if you could share a video with me on DMs. We can have a look.

Q: I’ve been downgraded to Basic level even when my MAB of September was greater than 10k….Besides that I had created FD of about 10k at the end of last month but my MAB of this month is about 100. When i chatted with customer care , they said my MAB of last month was 100 as well& when I was firm that it was around 17-18k at the end of the month then they said that we will look into this & will tell you by 9th of October.I am moving my funds From Jupiter…don’t know when they will freeze my account for nothing…worst experience
A: Now a days, i don’t know whats happening with Jupiter.They are losing their customers by this kind of issues.
Folks, please report these issues to the support team. This was a bug. However, more such issues getting reported to the support team will ensure additional deep diving and a permanent deployment of a fix.
Yagnesh Kubavat :Folks, please report these issues to the support team. This was a bug.As@yagnesh01said, there maybe a bug in NRV calculation for some.@ThaddeusYou can check the below thread.@Omkar18had a similar issue with his NRV.Bug in NRVBug huntersI just spoted bug, 
jupiter is not considering Fixed deposit Blance for calculating NRV. And thats why in pro tab Account , showing low NRV and sending pop up about “Expiring Pro Account features because of low NRV”
So this month is about to end & still they are looking into this. I hope they will solve it when my Pro status shall not really be there i.e. at the start of next month because I’ve maintained NRV for next month because of their this behaviour. Many Jupiter lovers would love to jump here & put their positive views here. I don’t know what they love about it except UI
Thaddeus Bradley:ber.I am moving my funds From Jupiter…don’t know when they will freeze my account for nothing…worst experienceHi@Thaddeus, apologies for this experience I am checking this on priority and will update a fix within a couple of hours!We will make sure you’re upgraded to PRO this month and as well as next month.
@Thaddeusrequesting you to dm me your mobile number linked to jupiter account
Hi there……I got a call from your team your team in the evening of the day you texted & replied me & he said that your status has been restored to Pro and you can maintain this status if you maintain NRV.But the real Problem is that I shifted all my funds & broke my FD because of you so you should at least give me Pro for next month even if I can’t maintain NRV because only 10 days are left of this month. But he said we can only provide PRO STATUS If you maintain NRV & we are sorry for inconvenience caused.That’s all.Thanks for response.I hope you do Provide us Pro for next month even if I don’t maintain NRV.
Folks, bugs and issues exist with every institution that offers banking services. If one reports a bug or an issue, one also needs to have the patience to work with the support team to get the issue resolved. While I will agree, all of us expect a quick turn around when it comes to resolution, we also need to remember one very important point - with Jupiter you have a platform to voice your opinion and there are people who want to listen to you. With larger banks that is not the case.IndusInd Indie could not offer an account to me. Why? Because I have FDs that have been created with Paytm Payments Bank which creates FDs with IndusInd bank. IndusInd has no work around for such customers.
I couldn’t complete vkyc on the first day on indie and on second day I started getting this error. Contacted indusind on email on sept 27 and all I could get was automated reply. (Got a human cs agent once then within an hour , he went missing).Till now they couldn’t solve my issue. They won’t respond to Twitter DM.Screenshot_20231026-172251717×1531 91.8 KBInterface and other things of indie is good. But customer care
Abhinav m, you do realise that the issue sits with IndusInd bank and not PPBL
There’s a solution for your issue with which you can open the Indie account instantly.
Login to indusind net banking and link your aadhar there.Then try opening Indie a/c after a day, it will be done and problem shall be solved.@yagnesh01Login to IndusInd NetBanking> Service request> Indusnet request> Link your Aadhar
@specteri only use IndusInd credit card. Don’t think the app login will allow to me login to the net banking
You can create net banking  with card details.
Indusind credit card based net Banking login won’t give you any options for Aadhaar update/linking
Theoretically Aadhaar linking with indusind existing customer id (credit card or FD users) will solve the indie account opening issue…But practically you have to open a new indusind savings account with linked Aadhaar… after that indie account can easily be openI followed the second option…Indie offers some unique advantages like disposable card, super otp & also ltf physical debit card for unlimited cash withdrawal
Let me try that. I haven’t even received a debit card to.
Yes….Indie is Better….there you don’t have to maintain anything for Pro like status…just do IP & you will get almost everything for free including visa signature debit card with unlimited withdrawals anywhere in world with Zero Forex Markup fee & you will get 3% cash back on top 3 brands & 0.5% for all other brands. Besides these, there is no fear of account freeze. Not to forget is unlimited IMPS transactions. And the best of all for people like me going abroad for studies is that we can login just with Otp & without sending sms if we get logged out.
I’ve 2 accounts in IndusInd But I can only add one of them for UPI purpose as well as AA in Jupiter . Can anyone confirm this if they are facing the same issue ?

Q: I am getting all seats are taken error
A: @Aryan2003Jupiter works with its partner bank and gets a specific number of slots assigned for new client onboarding. When these slots run out, users get this error. Please report this to the support team via email - support@jupiter.money. It will help them track the open requests for new customer onboarding. As soon as a slot gets assigned, they will reach out to you.

Q: Hello everyone,I hope you’re all doing well. I wanted to bring to your attention an ongoing issue I’ve been experiencing with the Jupiter app. It seems that my balance and transaction history are not syncing properly.I’ve reached out to the chat support team yesterday, and they were able to resolve the issue by syncing my account balance and the transactions. Unfortunately, I’m experiencing the same issue again today. It’s quite frustrating, as this isn’t the first time I’ve encountered this problem. I encountered this issue several times.I was wondering if anyone else in the community has experienced a similar issue with the app?IMG_20230320_1747331920×2471 177 KB
A: @Community_Team@JupiterTeamHave a look into this
@saurabh.sWe’ll have a look at this
IMG_20230322_1527591833×3072 198 KBHere, as you can see it shows “Last updated just now”, but transaction and balance not updated from two days.
seems like this latest version got more bugs, than features.
The issue still persist
Hey@saurabh.sThis isn’t solved yet. It is taking time
Hey@Shawnpinto, it’s not resolved yet. Already follow-up with the support many times
It shouldn’t have taken this much time, we’ll check why this is happening.
@ShawnpintoAny update on this please.

Q: As per chatbot on Jupiter , currently below feature is not enabled.Can I edit my name /father’s name ?I have received no as a answer from chatbot.Could you please enable the same. My friends and colleagues are not able to verify and  open federal back account.Thanks
A: Hai@pkinareI think you cannot edit your name/father’s name once account is created.I suggest you to create a support ticket by mailing to support@jupiter.money for further clarificationAlso pleas edit and remove the mobile number you have mentioned under the post.

Q: I have a few habits that are supposed to trigger on 1st of each month. I have been noticing for the past few months that money moves from my Jupiter account to the pot 1 or 2 days in advance. For instance, I have just received an email saying some money has moved to a pot as a habit saving. This transfer was supposed to happen on 1st November.It’s no big deal since I don’t use Jupiter as my primary account. However, this can cause liquidity problems for people who may use Jupiter as their primary account. Wanted to bring this to the team’s attention.
A: @mankihave you written an email to Jupiter. In case you haven’t you can do so at support@jupiter.money.Having said that… This seems to be an issue.Looping in@Shawnpinto. Request to redirect it to the relevant team.
Thanks for raising this@manki@alexnazyI’ve passed this on to the Pots team to check.

Q: The industry if shifting toward the remote working. For an instance, I am working as a freelancer for 2 years. I have tried to get a credit card but the ask me for company names and salary details. I want to know is there any way for How do A freelancer get a credit card with no salary slips
A: Hai@Gupta_Manish, Welcome to the communityUnfortunately, in my opinion, secured credit cards are the only option left for those without company details and salary slips .You can try IDFC WOW card, Paisabazaar’s Step Up Card or OneCard.Or else you need to wait for any pre-approved credit card offers from your bank. (not from any other apps)
In this case you need ITR and Good transaction relationship with some private bank.
ITR and Computation is enough to apply for any credit card in India.
Govt Bank request for ITR, but private bank need salary slip, credit card statement, credit score, your residential location.

Q: “Link any CSB Bank Rupay Credit card” string should be “Link any Rupay Credit card” since it redirects to rupay card adding page and not specificaly CSB rupay card.
A: Thanks for bringing this up@Aswin_BennyWe’ll have this checked.
Update:This is a known issue. It’s being fixed

Q: I can’t turn on international transactions it’s say - there is a technical issue please try again for past 3 days. How can I resolve this??
A: @Bala_Murugan1try enabling international transactions during business hours. If you still face the same issue, record a video from the point you reach the debit card settings page till the error comes up. If you use an android device, you will need to record using a different device. Please send the video to the support team via email on support@jupiter.money. This will ensure a ticket is assigned to your issue and it is tracked to closure

Q: In the name of Mobile number Verification the Jupiter Application Logs out multiple times and ask for SMS verification.Is there any Option to login without sending message from Mobile method.Why not companies directly go for OTP Based login rather than this pathetic sending SMS method.
A: @Vivek_KarnaniWelcome to the community.I am not aware of any other way to login other than through the OTP verification.Have you tried resetting the app? (Clear storage and cache)If you have done that already and still the problem persists, you need to mail Jupiter support at support@jupiter.money.Hope your problem gets sorted out soon.

Q: The referral system is kinda choppy. I referred someone, they clicked the link, confirmed that the code was added, but the rewards have not been credited to either of us
A: Welcome to the community@poseidonI hope someone from the concerned team address this issue.Meanwhile you can use the chat option on the app for a quicker response.Also, you can mail the issue to support@jupiter.money to create a support ticket
I’ve contacted the support and they seemed more confused than me. It was an odd conversation with them. Going around same things multiple times and being told that they have created a ticket without properly addressing any of the questions that I had or enough answers on the ‘troubleshooting’ they did.
I am not an expert in referral matters. The Terms and Conditions, as well as the rewards for referral programs, are subject to frequent updates/changes (currently World cup related referral offers are going on ).Suggest you kindly check the ‘Frequently Asked Questions’ section and verify if the current conditions are met by following these steps:Navigate to the Home Screen.Access the top left menu (Hamburger Icon).Choose the “Refer and Earn” option.Click on the Chat/question mark icon located in the top right corner.Tagging@Satyajit_Singh, Hope he can help.

Q: I am getting the error message as " The name on Aadhaar and PAN aren’t matching please give us 5 business days to resolve" but it is already 15 days still no update. Can any one please provide the customer care number to talk with?
A: Welcome to the community@Niru_NarikadamalliYou can mail your issue atsupport@jupiter.moneyor call the customer care at 08655055086 (available 9am - 9pm)
thank you sir will call tomorrow

Q: Before converting customer to your bank your main concern should be how u can help customer, i switched to jupiter salary account as i thought something new in Market fot customer level but if you are doing same as old banks then don’t show such advertisements, after being to salary account if you say me i am ineligible for everything then whats the difference between a salary account user and other bank normal user, and be helpful in human level, every time any concern all representatives say this is automated system we can’t do anything, seriously.
A: Hai@Deepak_JoshiApologizes for any inconvenience you’ve encountered.Could you kindly provide more details about the issue or problem you’re experiencing?If you haven’t already submitted a support ticket, I suggest creating one by emailingsupport@jupiter.money. If you’ve already created a ticket, please share the ticket ID.Tagging@arp4naHope you will hear from the salary team soon
I have sent them via chat and email many times but all chats are closed and emails also don’t have ticket no.
@razackactually i have some dues left as i got lay off from my previous company, so when i switched new company i saw jupiter ads that if u open salary account in Jupiter we can provide ODS like benefits, so i switched to salary account its been four months my salary gets credited and incentives also so i asked them many times when will i get the benefits but due to credit score is low i got ineligible everytime, one of the reason i switched to salary account as they will provide ODS or credit card against salary account, i also told that i give full concent to auto debit, once salary gets credited kindly deduct amount but same reply that it is automated system we can’t do anything, other banks or savings account can say this thing but salary account, i asked many times atleast give me a low limit so u can get assured but no help, for me salary account and savings account are same, i asked for this because jupiter know about my monthly credit so they can deduct but same response from past 4 months
Jupiter providing so much mis leading information or offers to join it’s Salary account but after getting joining they could not provide any offers and then told that this services are Automated, we can’t do anything. If their processes are automated then why same is not mentioning on their offers page. Change your salary account to some other bank.
Kotak mahindra bank is providing credit Card against salary account. So it think old banks are still helpful
I don’t think any bank provides any form of credit just because you have a salary account with them. Credit Score is an important criteria for any sort of credit. Even if one or two bank provides, the limit will be very less.And most of the banks offer credit card or some sort of credit with salary account but not if your Credit score is low.
@PratyushhI think so too. I think one needs good credit score for issuance of credit card. At least the unsecured ones.@Deepak_JoshiI got a credit card through my salary account in HDFC because SBI didn’t even take my application as I didn’t have a credit score.So HDFC considered that I didn’t have a credit score but I have a 2 years relationship with them. So I got a credit card and built my credit score and then got the SBI card.I would recommend you to get a secured credit card by depositing a FD. Using that secured card, you can build your credit score. Then you can get any credit card you want.Hope it helps…And as for automated systems, Jupiter is a new entrant and the fact is they can’t directly compete with the goliaths like HDFC, ICICI or for that matter even Federal Bank. So the costs could be kept minimal through automated systems.Hope you can understand that.
Hey Deepak, Abhinav from the Salary Account team here. Apologies for the inconvenience caused here. Can you please share your registered phone number on Jupiter through DM? Will get this issue checked for you.

Q: I have a question?Can anyone close Jupiter account without closing the FDs of federal bank (made through Jupiter) ?@Shawnpinto
A: If FD of the federal bank was done via Jupiter account then the credit account selected must be Jupiter account so without closing the FD, the account can’t be closed
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Not able to open an account the interface is showing as all seats are taken
A: Have you tried raising this issue with the support team? If no, please do.
I am facing a similar issue, how did you work around it?
Write an email to the customer support. That assigns a ticket to your case. If the wait period is too long, you tag Shwan Pinto here along with the ticket number.I personally not faced this issue. People from team have and gets addressed by the corporate salary account team.
im facing the same issue
@AAYUSH_SHARMA1follow the steps mentioned above
Refer to following information for more clarityAll Seats have been teaken!:All Seats have been teaken!From the little information that is available, federal bank assigns a set number of seats to Jupiter to onboard new customers. Seats here means slots. Once those slots are taken up and all new accounts have been onboarded, anyone Trying to open an account after that gets the seats taken error. Reporting this error to the customer support ensures that the customer support is able to add you to the list of people who need to be allocated a slot to open the account and as soon as the new slots are made available by federal bank, they reach out to you to ensure that your account is opened
Is there any solution for this, i need to open my savings account as soon as possiblebut jupiter is showing that it’ll take 5 business days to review this
Hai@Gaurav_ChauhanSuggest you to wait for the said period for the completion of the review process.Also, you can mail the issue to support@jupiter.money or contact customer care at 08655055086 (available 9am - 9pm)
Hi@razacki need to submit my bank account details before 7 October to my company, so i need to make an account asap but the Jupiter app is just showing name mismatch and isn’t providing me any option to edit my Aadhar card details. Can u please help and resolve my issue, my ticket id is#2546559
@Nikhil_Godbolerequest your help on getting someone from your team to look into this.
@Gaurav_ChauhanWho is this account for ?
@Nikhil_Godboleaccount is for me, i accidentally put my mother’s Aadhar card details instead of mine and now the app is showing name mismatch
Not sure if anything can be done in this case as the account is under process in the name of your mother and not you (which is also stuck due to details being mismatched). Let me check if anything can be done to help you open an account with the same mobile number.
@Nikhil_Godboleplease help if another account with the same mobile number can be opened…… thank you
@Nikhil_Godbolesir please reply if its possible toOpen another account with the same mobile number, if not how long will the name mismatch processing take so that i can enter the right Aadhar details this time
@Gaurav_ChauhanTeam is checking on what can be done. We will let you know as soon as we have an update from the engineers.
@Gaurav_ChauhanPlease send an email to support@jupiter.money with your Aadhaar and PAN details (along with soft copies) and the relationship with the original person in whose name the account was being tried to open. Please also attach the aadhaar and pan of the original person (your mother).Once the email is received, we will have to send it to Bank Operations team to reset the onboarding journey.Let me know once you send all the details.
Hi sir i have sent all the required details with the photos, please provide a solution aa soon as possible, it would be really helpful for me. Thank you
@Nikhil_GodboleHi Nikhil, after sending these documents today i got a call from jupiter and they were saying that they reviewed my application and its against their risk policies and i will not be able to join jupiter. I don’t know how this is fair that one mistake can lead to you not being able to open an account.

Q: I started using Jupiter with a basic account. On the Jupiter mobile app, there was an offer that said I would get more benefits and a ₹500 Amazon voucher if I upgraded to a salary account. So, I shared my bank details with my HR and upgraded my account from basic to salary. However, it has been 6 days and I still haven’t received the voucher. I tried to reach customer care, but they said there is no such offer. I have screenshots to prove it. I’m now very disappointed and have decided to move my account back to my previous bank, HDFC.
A: Welcome to the community@Sagarw76It is clearly mentioned under the Terms and Conditions section on the Jupiter app.You will receive your 500 Rs Amazon Voucher after your first salary credit to the salary account of Jupiter.Vouchers will be sent to your email id within 30 days
Salary is already created, and if there is such conditions then bank customer care persons should aware about it.
I suggest you to mail your issue to support@jupiter.money and create a support ticket.I hope you get more details then.
Mine is salary account since 5 months but I didn’t received any Amazon voucher
Doesn’t it recently introduced offer?I started seeing this offer on the app only few days ago. So I don’t know much about this Amazon voucher offer.
Thanks for your support, i just have received a mail from customer care with the said voucher
@Sagarw76Delighted to hear that your issue is resolvedSince your concern has been addressed, I recommend closing this thread by marking it as a ‘Solution.’Wishing you a fantastic banking experience with Jupiter
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Highly disappointed with the support.I was being asked for a transaction reference number which was supposed to start with ‘S’ (as per the executive)bfor a UPI transaction.I mentioned a couple times that I don’t see any reference number starting with ‘S’ for any UPI transactions but still I was being forced to check.Finally the executive checked via date/amount and confirmed there was no reference number starting with ‘S’Then she started arguing that I provided the wrong Ref Num when all that time she did not scroll up to go till the chat where I provided the reference number and she was cross checking with the Jupiter transaction id I provided after reference number.I expected a better customer support from Jupiter.But I guess the quality will keep dropping as Jupiter grows bigger. I just really hope that it doesn’t as Customer Support is one of the key factors when choosing a bank, specially a NEO bank.OOHHH and I didn’t get satisfactory response as she was not reading my messages properly
A: Well it might be the 1% experience for you as Jupiter customer support is good but yeah would not want to see it become like other companies where customer service is non-existent
@Pratyushh, I completely understand your situation and the inconvenience it has caused for you.although I don’t disagree or engage in an argument against any of your points, it’s important to consider the positive aspect as well –the community forum. Here, any user can share their experiences, both positive and negative, regarding Jupiter.As Dev mentioned, many brands often lack a responsive customer care number or a functional email address.
@razackI understand what you are trying to say and appreciate it.But, what I fail to notice is that I never mentioned that everything about Jupiter is NEGATIVE or me considering everything about JUPITER is negative.I don’t want to engage in any argument with you either.It’s good that you are looking out for Jupiter but that does not mean anyone who puts up a complaint or feedback is trying to point out all negatives and is totally against Jupiter.If you like something you want it to be good!Especially when it has been good earlier.This seems like you are trying to start a debate on POSITIVES and NEGATIVES of Jupiter.Like you mentioned, anyone can share their experiences which is precisely what I am trying to do.Also, I am quite sure if someone mentioned something POSITIVE about Jupiter, you wouldn’t have mentioned that one should consider NEGATIVE aspects, as well.By the way,the COMMUNITY FORUMis not the only Positive thing about Jupiter.This is not meant to offend you or anyone but these kind of lines: ‘I completely understand your situation and the inconvenience it has caused for you.’ is like a trigger. Most customer executives copy paste something related when they clearly don’t mean that. This happened with me and Jupiter support too!Anyways thanks and again no offense meant.
One of the useless customer support experience they offer
And Jupiter knows how bad at this. But still things are same. Don’t know why they are slow at working on this
Luckily, for me this was the first time. I think
I had several times faced similar bissue
Hope this gets better!

Q: WHy jupiter is not giving new account access in referral, They are simplly not taken new member, SO much people generally left from jupiter revolution, FIx this issue pls
A: It may be mainly due to the non-availability of slots as determined by Federal bank

Q: My account got upgraded to a salary account 2 days ago, but still i haven’t received the amazon gift card. can anyone help me with this?
A: Hai@Sai_CharanPlease use the chat option on the app for a quicker response.Also I suggest you to mail this issue to support@jupiter.money for creating a support ticketEdit:From the Terms and Conditions mentioned on the Jupiter app.You will receive your 500 Rs Amazon Voucher after your first salary credit to the salary account of Jupiter.Vouchers will be sent to your email id within 30 days.I hope its clear now.@Sai_CharanI suggest you to close the thread by marking ‘Solution’

Q: Visa merchant surplus charges for debit card transaction… How is it legal? How jupiter is allowing it?
A: Welcome to the community@ShreyassreekumarCould you please provide more details about the issue you have faced?If possible, it would be helpful if you could attach a screenshot (for iOS) or capture an image (for Android) of the specific transaction. This will allow us to gain a better understanding of the issue. Is the problem related to fuel charges by any chance?
Uploading: IMG-20231004-WA0024.jpg…
I had paid for petrol 500 on October 1… On October 4 I got this transaction mesge of surplus visa charge of 4.5 rs for this payment through jupiter debit and jupiter is not taking the responsibility.
Ok. So the issue was regarding fuel surcharge.Please go through this below attached post and thread.Hope your query gets clarified after.Fuel surchargesGeneralThis is not an issue. But a standard reverse charge applied by merchant to all cards. Some cards choose to give waiver and bear the cost but it is 2.5% so it doesn’t make sense in case of Debit cards for waiver unless it is HNI client card. 
I remember back in 2005, it used to be key USP for any CC as 0% surcharge for fuel and no other rewards.Fuel surchargesGeneralRecently 10 rs Debited from my account as Fuel Surcharge after using Debit card on fuel pump. 
Thats mean, jupiter doesn’t provide fuel charge waiver. 
But, many times i have used my jupiter DC for fuel but its 1st time that 10rs debited as fuel surcharges. 
Can anyone explain this?:thinking: 
I have already contacted with team.I think not only Jupiter but almost all debit cards charges those fees/charges (unless it is some co-branded fuel cards)For me, SBI charges those fees on my debit card.
Till now I was receiving 1% jewel rewards for all the debit card transactions, now there has been changes… Can you specify those changes?
1% jewels on which merchant?? Fuel transaction@Shreyassreekumar
@ShreyassreekumarJupiter’s debit card offers keeps on changing…It gets refreshed time to time. So I am not sure whether I can help you in this regard.One can understand only by looking at the rewards/offers section on the app.I suggest you to close this thread by marking ‘Solution’ if your query regarding fuel surcharge is clear
On debit card transactions
Up on my observation/experience, if the pos machines are of Paytm then no surcharge. If it is pine labs, then surcharge will be there. I had seen only two different pos machines. I think ICICI pos machines also don’t levy surcharge (not sure).@Shreyassreekumar

Q: Can’t I make instagram ad payment through Jupiter visa debit card?@ShawnpintoBecause it’s showing like failed payment is caused by authentication added by the bank.
A: Welcome back to the community@ParineethaDid you enabled the international transactions option from the debit card controls?
Yes, it’s enabled
OK, I suggest using the chat option within the app for a faster response.Tagging@arp4naand@Nikhil_Godbole@Jitenhope that they can offer a solution or clarification.
some international merchants block debit txns and accept only CC txns. it could be one of possible reason for decline
Is there any solution?
There is dependency on the merchant and payment services they use for processing payments. If they do not support debit card payments, that will be road block.
But they do support debit visa card.
@Parineethain this case, it is highly recommended that you report this to the support team via in the in app chat or support email (support@jupiter.money)

Q: So my company wants us to open a jupiter salary account from this month, so I tried to open the account using the link provided, so along the onboarding journey I was asked to type in my aadhar and pan card details. After few of these steps it showed that I can’t open an account because there is a name mismatch in my aadhar and pan card. But there weren’t any issues actually, as my name had no change in both the cards, when I enquired about it, they said that it was not the issue about my name, but my pincode wasn’t serviceable. But I already have other bank accounts in that address/pincode. When i again enquired about that, they said they’ll add my pincode to their database. Now today when I called, I got to know that my application got rejected!. Actually what’s happening here? I need to give my new account details asap to get this month’s salary. Please help.
A: Hey@jovinjoju, we’ll need to check what had happened here.I’d need a few details from you to take this forward.Reaching out to you via DMs.
Nope, bank account opening application.
Hello I also have the same issue and my company wants to submit me the account details in 5 days but I’ve already raise a ticket as well but no resolution still. My ticket id is : 2171163Can you please reach out.
Thanks for sharing the ticket ID@Anand_SagarThat saves us time. I’ll ask the team to get it checked and connect with you.
Thank you, just got a call I guess the team needs more time to re-review this again for 24-48 hrs.
My issue got resolved last week, thanks for the help.
Thanks team just got the issue resolved. This was super quick. But just as feedback the support guy (who I was calling from my end) really scared me by saying it’s been rejected and nothing can be done and the wait period can be from 1 month to 6 month. But with just community thread and response things got fixed in no time. Kudos to promptness.
Glad to know it was resolvedAlso, welcome aboard!
@ShawnpintoI am also facing the same issue and unable to open salary account due to unknown reasons since 20-25 days, Ticket Id :#2230364
Just wanted to say that it’s great and all that the community is being helpful is resolving issues but it should not be the norm
I am facing the same problem name mismatch
Hi,I’m facing the exact same issue for past 1 month with no help whatsover from the customer support team. I have been requesting them to clarify as I’m delayed in submitting the bank details in office, but all I get is an ignorant response. I need it within 2 days to receive my salary.Kindly help.
Hey@011We’d like to get this checked for you. I’d need a few details to take this forward.Let’s connect on DMsThanks!
Thankyou so much for your help.For a month I was tensed about being stuck with it but you people solved my problem in a single day!!My account finally got opened with ease.You really saved the dayThankyou SO MUCH once again sir!!@Nikhil_GodboleThanks a lot!!@Shawnpinto
Glad we’re able to help you out
Great. Enjoy! Welcome to Jupiter.
@011Glad to know that the issue is resolved. Please don’t forget to complete the Video KYC so as to enjoy seamless access.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Really very much disappointed with jupiter services as i took a personal loan of 59000 two months ago and after paying the emi on time and doing the payments prior to my loan and done the pre closure three months beforeAnd now they have reduced the limit of loanVery much disappointed, after using jupiter as my primary account an this is happening to me.IMG-20231004-WA00051200×1600 164 KBIMG-20231004-WA00041200×1600 200 KB
A: Dear@Satya1,This issue doesn’t solely applicable to Jupiter but happens with almost all lending/bank apps.There’s no assurance that a user will receive a higher or the same loan amount after closing (even pre-closure) their existing loan.The outcome depends on multiple factors, such as their current credit score, creditworthiness, active loan accounts, credit utilization, a high number of loan inquiries, numerous other financial obligations, and more.Additionally, there is also a possibility that a user may be denied a new loan after closing their existing one.It’s important to note that the loan amount is not determined by Jupiter itself but rather by their lending partner.

Q: Since 29th September, there is no sync in the account aggregation.Account Aggregator1048×1862 228 KBI guess because of the long weekend, somethings are not working.Can you guys please confirm if you are also facing the issue or is it only me?
A: It should be working now. There was a glitch in fetching AA transactions.
It’s working now@arp4na. Thanks!
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Recently since 29 Sep 23, Jupiter has suddenly stopped reading my all expenses and categorisation.Since last 4-5 days I am unable to see any of my expenses/transactions getting read or categorised by Jupiter.Could you please help. I have already done with uninstallation and installation. Also I am using lasted update application on Play Store.Ref Ticket No : 2533338.
A: Welcome to the community@pkinareI think the issue is  for everyone and hope it gets solved soon.You can check this thread for referenceAccount Aggregation Not SyncingHelpSince 29th September, there is no sync in the account aggregation.[Account Aggregator]I guess because of the long weekend, somethings are not working. 
Can you guys please confirm if you are also facing the issue or is it only me?
@pkinareThanks for this. It confirms that I am not the only one facing this.Also thanks for generating the ticket. Since it’s for everyone, it should be sorted soon.prathamesh kinare:Also I am using lasted update application on Play Store.This makes me doubt whether the new app version is to be blamed? The Play Store says app last updated on 28th September 2023.
Alex Nazarene:The Play Store says app last updated on 28th September 2023Thank you for providing this information. I’ve disabled the auto-update option for the app, so I haven’t received the latest version.Yes, can see that the most recent update was released on September 28, 2023.Now, I’m in doubt whether I should proceed with the update or not.
The one change that I notice is the app opens where you left it. So if you have left the app on community page, it opens up on the community page. For me it’s welcome change.One change I would like in the money tab is the scrolling between Monthly and Networth. It feels a bit rough there.
Alex Nazarene:The one change that I notice is the app opens where you left it. So if you have left the app on community page, it opens up on the community page. For me it’s welcome change.Could you please check whether this occurs when you minimize the app and reopen it, or if it happens when you close and then reopen the app?I checked the app both before and after updating(just now), but I didn’t encounter any issues. Even when I close the app on the community page and reopen it, I am still getting the usual home screen.
@razackmy bad… Sorry!Guess my phone was keeping Jupiter in memory yesterday. Today I am not seeing the same behaviour.I am also getting the home screen after app quits and minimises.False alarm.
The Account Aggregation is working now. Please check.

Q: I created a superpot on 29/09/2023 and tried to withdraw the amount yeterday as I urgently needed it. It’s been more than 26 hrs and the transaction is still processing. Helpppp!!!
A: Welcome to the community@adhyan1011I suggest you to use the chat option on the app for a speedy response. Also, you can email the issue tosupport@jupiter.moneyor contact the customer care at 08655055086 (available 9am - 9pm) with the transaction id.Also, tagging@Nikhil_Godboleand@Samarth_TiwariHope it gets resolved soon

Q: mobile number updated
A: Welcome to the community@abdulraheemAre you saying your mobile number is updated or searching for a solution to update the same?Please clarify

Q: Are there plans to include more categories? Where do I group ATM transactions?Credit card link option would greatly help.
A: Welcome to the community@ashwini.btYes, we can expect more custom categories. For more information kindly refer to these threadsSpend Categorization - Tags vs Custom CategoryFeaturesSpends Categorization, would you rather have a Custom Category or Tags option?[Tags vs custom category]pollImproving your categorisation experienceNews from JupiterGreetings! 
I’m Manik from the Design TeamI want to share a sneak peak on something which is cooking at the Categories section in your very own Jupiter app[banner]What’s coming?
The categorisation experience could be better and we’ve tweaked it a bit. However, we wanted our Community’s help in deciding what works best for you and usThis is what it looks like right now:[Current]How it could look like:
Grid and boxes[1]Rectangular pills[2]You c…You can use the option ‘Add your first tag’ and create a custom tag under the main category. In this case, ATM withdrawals may be grouped under Transfers or Miscellaneous. So you can add a Tag like ATM under those transactionsAshwini BT:Credit card link optionAt present, You can link your Rupay Credit card on the Jupiter app
That was very quick response!Thank you,Ashwini B Thammaiah
You’re welcomePlease don’t hesitate to respond to this conversation if you have any more questions or need further assistance.Wishing you a great banking experience with Jupiter

Q: I tried to signup to Jupiter android app and while setting up debit card pin, it says No message available. I m stuck
A: Hai@Penny_MakerWelcome to the communitySuggest you to capture the image or record the issue from another phone and kindly send to support@jupiter.money for creating a support ticket.You can also share the same here
@Penny_Makerdid you get a verification SMS?Is the SIM in the SIM1 slot?Some things that you can check by yourself before you go to the customer support.
Yes I got verifiication SMS, SIM is in Slot 1
You can try to do a reset the app/clear storage and cache and try again. Maybe it will work then.
Tried, no luck
Oh! Too bad…I guess the only option left is to contact customer support.
Please attach the error image or recording here, if possibleI hope you have created the account without any problem and the issue is with setting up of Debit Card Pin
I m unable to send recording here as it is in mp4 format, i have sent email to support
Ok. That’s great.It may be some technical bug and the concerned team will look into it and I hope it gets solved soon
I had tried to do a transaction before setting up the account and doing KYC, because of which my account was freezed. I called the customer care, they unfreezed the account for me, after that I was able to set the PIN. We are good to close this
Great! Congratulations… Enjoy.Thanks for the update.
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: I need Rupay credit card but instead I got visa. Will I get Rupay
A: Hai,@PakranThis information has already been conveyed in your previous post.Introducing Edge RuPay Credit CardNews from JupiterWe will start rolling out to external users by first week of Oct. It is in testing phase internallyIntroducing Edge RuPay Credit CardNews from Jupiter@razackLaunched as an offering, yes. 
Shipping and approving, not yet. That will happen sometime in October/November. 
Maybe it’s better to be placed as “Waiting to reach you”.Further, if you cannot see the waitlist option ion the app, Kindly click on this link and fill the waitlist formPersonal Finance, FinTech Updates from Jupiter – 5 Sep 23RuPay Credit Card - Edge CSB Bank RuPay Credit Card on JupiterHelpful blogs on financial planning, smart investments, articles about neobanking, updates from the Jupiter team, and thoughts from Community contributors. Follow the Jupiter journey, right here.Suggest you to close the thread by marking ‘Solution’ if you are satisfied with your query
Big question, will jupiter issue Rupay CC to existing edge credit card usersFeedback & Ideas@Satya1a little birdie told me that Edge Visa credit card users will not be getting the Edge RuPay credit card on launch. We’ll have to wait for it. 
As for the waiting list issue, that is already answered. You can check out the below thread. 


And your friend might have joined recently and I suppose that the waiting list number was introduced in the app also similar to the one from the website.It might take time…

Q: I wanted to open Jupiter account for my mom,But when my mom tried for verification where she has to tell the number given on the screen.after 4 fails ,it’s not moving further.
A: You could try again or contact support@jupiter.money , They will help you with this one

Q: Very poor support teamI don’t know why, but every time  I face a very bad customer support experience from Jupiter.Very much struggling, unable to do UPI transactions from past 4-5 days, they frozen my account(don’t know why).Contacted support team, but they were mearly able to resolve@Jitenstarted to loose trust on Jupiter, very bad user experience.Mentally feeling bad,  your UPI was on of the fastest I ever used, but from past 4-5 days it really ruined my time.I
A: @Ajieethdesignsorry that you are facing this.Are you still not able to verify SIM?Unable to verifyBugsHey guys from past 28hrs I am unable to verify SIM based login on my device. 
Kindly resolve this quickly, tried contacting Jupiter support but unable reach them. 
No issue with SIM, I have un-installed and installed back the appl on my device but the issue doesn’t sims to be getting fixed. 
It’s EmergencyAre you sure that the problem is not from the mobile network side?
Now it’s fine,Problem was from Jupiter
So am I right to understand that the problem is sorted?Are you able to verify your mobile number and use Jupiter without any issues?If yes… Great!

Q: Hey my jupiter account has been blocked, how to unblock it?I have around 5k rupees in it, I am not able to access it.What to do
A: Hai@saubhagyaguptaWelcome to the communityI suggest you to go through these blog and posts to get a clear understanding regarding Account Freezing and the proper process one need to complete for a speedy resolution. Hope this helps youJupiter Money – 5 Jul 23All you need to know about ‘Bank Account Freeze’ & Solutions – JupiterAt Jupiter, we understand that our customers are concerned about frozen bank accounts. We want to clarify why bank accounts may be frozen and what steps […]Est. reading time: 4 minutesAccount have been frozenHelpMy Jupiter account is blocked today, maybe after eveningWhen I tried to UPI transfer via Paytm it’s showing me account blocked, then I tried via Jupiter it’s showing same… 
When I opened Jupiter help it’s showing me to contact the cyber security email… Then I mailed them … 
Let’s see how many days need to resolved by Jupiter, in FI Money the resolved within same day because it’s system detected security issue. 
#1st time account blocked in JupiterEdit: auto re…

Q: Hi can anyone from Jupiter help to unblock my account I have mailed cybercare@jupiter.money still no response from them. And i have tried customer care support all are telling me check with cybercare@jupiter.money.but no response from them.
A: @bharath_bharathWelcome to the community.I suggest that you wait for a few days, as it might take some time to receive a response from the Jupiter Investigation team. You will definitely get a response from the team
@bharath_bharaththis has to be resolved through a process. It will take time. Please have some patience.Sorry that you have to go through this.For the community’s sake, can you tell us what you suspect may have gone wrong with your account for it to be blocked?

Q: Hey guys from past 28hrs I am unable to verify SIM based login on my device.Kindly resolve this quickly, tried contacting Jupiter support but unable reach them.No issue with SIM, I have un-installed and installed back the appl on my device but the issue doesn’t sims to be getting fixed.It’s Emergency
A: Have you double checked the SMS plan on your sim?Also, I suggest recharging for small denominations like 10Rs and try againIf possible, kindly attach the image or recording of the error.
@AjieethdesignAs you won’t be able to contact the customer support through chat, you may send an email to support@jupiter.money.But I am guessing there may be some issue with your phone or SIM.For example, you may not be able to send/receive messages because your phone storage may be full.Check if you are able to send or receive messages from other mobile numbers.Also please try from another phone with your SIM card in it.
Even my friend had the same issue. Is there any specific requirement that the SIM be in the primary slot? I tried this, and it worked even though the SIM was on the other device.
There is a setting for default sim to send SMS, choose the Aadhar linked one and it should work as well.

Q: I have been exploring the Jupiter website and found thatCommunity Comments Embedderdoesn’t work. It shows error embedding. Please check it out.
A: Hey@Mr.Minnucan you share a screen for this error?
Embedder next to the banner2880×1638 467 KBEmbedder on the full view2880×592 89.8 KB@Shawnpinto
Yes, Once againfor noticingimage1516×643 98.2 KBWould like to add another ‘bug’ (Donno whether anyone have raised this before)If you go tohttps://jupiter.money/blog/and place the cursor on the ‘Products’ Tab or section, this is the result you may getBut, it should be like this (the latest one)
@razackI have already noticed this but neglected it because I thought blogs were only updated once in a while and thought this would get updated soon. So I didn’t raise any issue on it.
And also the same salary calculator page(Everywhere in the calculators’ pages may be), Download Jupiter, is expected to open a deeplink (AppsFlyer link). But It has some link like thishttps://jupiter.money/early-access-android/. Where it redirects to the homepage.@razack@Shawnpinto
Got it. I’ll ask the team to look into this.Thanks for raising it@Mr.Minnu@razack

Q: This data mentioned below is wrong.Actual dataAnnual Salary (LPA - lakh per annum)Monthly Salary RangeYearly Salary Range11 LPA in hand salary76,300 to 76,3009,15,600 to 10,05,000You can find ithere.Expected data isAnnual Salary (LPA - lakh per annum)Monthly Salary RangeYearly Salary Range11 LPA in hand salary76,300 to 83,7509,15,600 to 10,05,000
A: Wow! I didn’t even know that this page existed.@Mr.Minnugood catch.

Q: Today I came to know about the new event called Ticket to world cup. As per T&C one has to send or pay money via upi on jupiter app. So I transferred 100rupees to my friend via send to contact option, but no there is no change in progress bar. Its still showing 0. Is there any other conditions should I meet?
A: Discover Exciting Deals and Offers!General@saurabh.sI was on the way to update this offerMissed by some secondsAnyway, here is the Terms and Conditions and ‘How to avail’ steps[image][image][image]I can see a condition saying ‘user need to claim the offer.’ Not sure what that mean!Hope@saurabh.scan help in this regard as I can see him already completed the first milestone
Did u transfer from ur Jupiter account only?
for the transaction I have done, all mentioned conditions met. I don’t see any claim offer button. Idk how he completed it. Waiting for someone to answer…
yes, I didn’t linked any other account for upi
Not supposed to happen, anyway raise a ticket. If u don’t get any solution after that let us know.
The milestone 1 will be completed only after making two successful transaction min. of 50rs each.
I did with 100 first, and then with 60. still no change in progress bar
@HasilI can confirm the sameDone three transactions of 75, 55 and 88 today morning . The first one was done via Pay to Contact mode and other two by entering UPI id. The amount used was Jupiter balance.But till now, its not updated on the ’ Ticket Offer’ page.As Hasil said, there is no change in the progress bard and it is showing my progress as 0/2.Are there any bugs or missing some terms and condition?
Here are some updates:I submitted a support request through the chat option within the app. The support executive assured me that the problem would be resolved by  September 18th 11:59 PM (Ticket ID: 2457584).In order to verify if this issue is common to all users, I requested my brother to initiate two UPI transactions of over Rs 50 each from his Jupiter ID to my account. I expected encountering the same issue, but he successfully reached Milestone 1 and received 20 Jewels.
I also contacted with them, and they told me they passed this to this expert.I think this problem is not there for everyone
Hello@Hasil, I’ve completed three UPI transactions today, and to my surprise, Milestone 1 and Milestone 2 are marked as finished. Additionally, I’ve earned 25 and 40 jewels for completing these milestones, respectively.Could you please attempt three transactions today and check if the progress bar is advancing or not?image649×694 48.7 KBI’d like to bring up another point for consideration: why do different users have different milestone unlocking criteria (attached is my mine and my brother’s) as well as different campaign date? Is this the normal behaviour? Could you please confirm this,@saurabh.s?
I think no. of txn for completing offer milestones vary for different users. I received the offer shown in the second picture.
The why is more so associated with the user profile.
yes it worked for me on the same day u mentioned.and idk why its not counted in milestone 6. its still 0
Same issue here…Milestone 6 is still showing as 0 out of 20Edit (17/9/23): Still now, it is showing as 0 out of 20image427×880 37.9 KB@saurabh.s@HasilBros, Can you please confirm whether its the same or not for you guys now?
this error fixed for me. Everything is perfect now. Thanks for the good event Jupiter
@HasilWas it fixed automatically or did you have to contact chat support?As a result, did the previous transactions start counting towards Milestone 6?I have done 6 transactions today and I can see it is counted towards towards Milestone 6.  and it is showing as 6 out of 20 !!!
It fixed automatically and previous transactions didn’t counted towards milestone 6. I did a transaction today morning, it counted towards milestone 6.I didn’t worry about that previous transactions not counted, because its easy win event.
Thanks for the info@HasilSo, which means it is solved me for as wellHence, I request you to kindly close this thread my marking ‘Solution’

Q: Currently, I only have access to my E-Pan card and E-Aadhar, and was wondering whether Jupiter can arrange an offline KYC for me whereby submitting these documents would suffice.I am about to lose my Jupiter account soon due to not having done full KYC, and i haven’t done full video KYC for the above said reason.Please help.
A: While this has been arranged for my company as we have salary account relationship with Jupiter. Unsure if the manual KYC is possible by visiting the Federal Bank branch. Is there a reason why the physical copies of PAN and Aadhar card have not been delivered close to a year (as far as I know one gets a year to complete the VKYC).
Hai@Jayasoorya0304Welcome to the community.I think you need to have physical pan card with you for verification purpose.But as@yagnesh01sir pointed out, you can get the physical pvc Aadhaar card for 50 Rs from myaadhaar website and physical pan card from UTI website. It may take only a week to get those delivered.I also suggest you to mail the issue to support@jupiter.money so that you may get a better clarification regarding KYC procedures.

Q: I am going to the UK for a few days. Can I use my Jupiter debit card over there? Can I also use it to withdraw money? Asking because of the new RBI regulations on international debit card earlier this year.
A: Hai@Rishabh_ManojWelcome to the Jupiter CommunityTagging@Nikhil_GodboleHope we can clarify your doubts
Yes, you can
@Rishabh_Manojplease make a note if you are not a pro user, then you DON’T get zero Forex charges.If you are a pro user, you get zero Forex fee upto Rs.25000.And if you are a salary user, you get zero Forex fee upto Rs.1 lakh.
I wanted to ask if I can use Jupiter app for creating & destroying pots & FD&it’s UPI feature in abroad to send money to someone at home or for self transfer
@ThaddeusI believe there shouldn’t be any problem as long as you have access to the app and a functional SMS plan for verification. I say this because many of my friends send money to me via Gpay or Phonepe from aboard without any issues.
I am not sure about this. But won’t the NRI account come into effect here?Does Jupiter offere NRI banking?How would you transfer the money from your foreign account into Jupiter?
I think PhonePe work only if I use vpn outside India &For Gpay , I would have to send sms many times for adding or reactivating my UPI which will be too costlyWhereas in Jupiter, I can use UPI for all my bank accounts as well as Pots & other features of Jupiter with single smsthanks for response

Q: I don’t see an option to sell gold. can someone help me out?
A: Go to pots/super pots. You should see the gold pot. Click on it. On the next screen you should see the sell option
It worked! Thanks!
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: Hi,After updating my Jupiter App (Cashflow build - version 2.3.0).App is very slow and buggy, is any way I can downgrade to the old build . I am unable to make UPI payments, as response is very poor.Please fix this ASAP, as it’s effecting my financial activities.
A: Here you go…You searched for Jupiter money - APKMirrorAPK Mirror is a trustworthy site. So no worries on the possibility of spyware, ransomware, etcBut I would request you to clear app data and try the app again. Because older app means you don’t get the latest and greatest that Jupiter offers.

Q: Hiconsider, I have a some of money 10rs in my pots ,But when I check balance in federal account associated to pots has balance 8rsDifference 2rs i have saved in super pot - emergency fund with 365 days lock,I checked in FD of federal account also nothing is there …Who is handling the money deposited in super pots ?I raised ticket did not get satisfactory answer they told to go and check in bank , bank statement does not have any statement of money transfer to super pot ones…
A: Hai@Manoj_SWelcome to the community.Since the query is not clear, I suggest you to attach the screenshots or images taken from another device (if on Android)It would help in understanding your issue betterAlso, pleas share the ticket id
Money added to super pots with higher interest rate is deposited in a flexible Recurring deposit with federal bank.
Ok thanks for that info , does I can verify that info in federal app ?It would be helpful if this detail is give some where,  may be while creating pot
I have not used the federal bank app before but it should be there somewhere in deposits section. I am not sure about it.
It is not available in fedmobile app, you can only check it from their internet banking.IMG_20230914_1810071080×2292 222 KB
Hey@Abhishek_Ulayilplease help me understand the difference between flexi recurring deposit and normal fixed deposit.Do flexi recurring deposits give lower returns?
Flexi RD doesn’t have a monthly commitment to deposit some money, but at the same time interest rates are pro rata(interest and interest rate for each deposit will vary based on the time). That is why it has lower interest overall. But I find that to be better than adding money to normal pots if I am saving up for a goal. But again Its not the same as a normal RD.
Thanks for that explanation@Abhishek_Ulayil
This topic was automatically closed 24 hours after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.

Q: On demand salary loan page I selected 10k amount I go to withdraw page , but I want to change amount there is no option for edit loan amountHelp quickly
A: Hai@Arsh_AnsariWelcome to the communityTagging@kush@Nikhil_GodboleHope someone from the Salary Team can provide you with a solution
@Arsh_AnsariClick on the Review details button on the bottom of the Loans tab where you see 10000 as the amount selected.You will be taken to the next page wherein you can edit the amount and proceed with the next steps.Let us know if that works.

Q: I hv done my video kyc but its showing its not done but when i press to complete my kyc its saying done so why its showing still not done any help
A: Change Category to help@Shawnpinto@Team@Abreen_Khanum
It would take a day or two after completing KYC to have that banner removed sometimes. May I know when you had done your KYC?
Hai@Kime_kanoWelcome to the community.As@Aswin_Bennypointed out, it may take some time get it the banner removed.Kindly see the below post for more info:KYC bug, help plsBugs@I_Monce the VKYC is completed, it takes a maximum of 72 hours for the status to get updated. If your KYC was done today, suggest you wait for 72 hours for the status to get updated on the app. If it does not happen, then take a video from a different phone from start to end and share it with the support team at support@jupiter.money
Ok thnxs

Q: No seat available error when i try to create an account. Please help
A: Please email to support@jupiter.money. They’ll notify you when more seats are available for onboarding new customers.For more details you can check the below threads.All seats are takenHelp@Sidharth_PillaiJupiter works with its partner bank and gets a specific number of slots assigned for new client onboarding. When these slots run out, users get this error. Please report this to the support team via email - support@jupiter.money. It will help them track the open requests for new customer onboarding. As soon as a slot gets assigned, they will reach out to you.All Seats have been teaken!HelpFrom the little information that is available, federal bank assigns a set number of seats to Jupiter to onboard new customers. Seats here means slots. Once those slots are taken up and all new accounts have been onboarded, anyone Trying to open an account after that gets the seats taken error. Reporting this error to the customer support ensures that the customer support is able to add you to the list of people who need to be allocated a slot to open the account and as soon as the new slots are …

Q: Need help!!!Im currently using jupiter ac with my other number and made one with secondary number which i dont want to use it.Now im having a problem with applying loanBecause i have 2 accounts.I want to delete the secondary AC
A: Account closure request can only be submitted via the app. Please login to the account that you want to close and submit a closure request
@MukhiajiWelcome to the community.Just use the chat in the app. The executives will help you with the account closure.But please note that you can’t open an account again with that number. Also there may be issues that we are not aware of because of the 2 accounts.So it’s best that you contact the Jupiter customer care.

